{\rtf1\ansi\deff5
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f2\froman Symbol;}{\f3\fdecor ZapfDingbats;}{\f4\fmodern Courier;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}{\f6\fswiss Helvetica Condensed;}{\f7\fswiss HelveticaCondensed;}{\f8\froman Tms Rmn;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{\fs16 \snext0 Normal;}
}\pard\plain
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0067}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} What is Help Workshop?}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_HCW;BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} executable name for Help Workshop;filename for Help Workshop;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, about Help Workshop;what is Help Workshop? Hcw.exe}
\f1\b\fs16 What is Help Workshop?
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop is a program that you use to create Help (.hlp) files, edit project and contents files, and test and report on help files. Help Workshop takes the information in the project (.hpj) file to combine the topic (.rtf) files, bitmaps, and other sources into one Help file that can be viewed using the Microsoft Windows Help program.
\par Help Workshop\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 s executable name is hcw.exe.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_COMPILE_MSG;HCW;HCRTF;TMPDIR')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_COMPILE_MSG;HCW;HCRTF;TMPDIR')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0068}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Help Workshop components}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} SDK_FILES_DOCS}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} getstart;SDK_FILES_DOCS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} bitmaps;bitmaps, about Multi-Resolution Bitmap Compiler;components of Help Workshop;files;files, components of Help Workshop;Hcrtf.exe;Hcw.exe;Hcw.hlp;Help Author's Guide;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, about Help Workshop;Hotspot Editor;Hotspot Editor, about Hotspot Editor;Mrbc.exe;multi-resolution graphics;multi-resolution graphics, compiler (mrbc.exe);Shed.exe}
\b Help Workshop components
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop includes the following files and documents:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Help Workshop (Hcw.exe and Hcrtf.exe).  Enables you to edit project and contents files, and to compile, test, and create reports for Help files.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Help Author's Guide (Hcw.hlp).  Describes how to author and compile Help files by using Help Workshop.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Hotspot Editor version 2.0 (Shed.exe).  Enables you to create a graphic that has multiple \ul hotspots.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7BM6.K}
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Multi-Resolution Bitmap Compiler version 1.1 (Mrbc.exe).  Enables you to create bitmaps that have different resolutions. You can combine these bitmaps into a single graphic to compensate for differences between the aspect ratios of the bitmaps and the aspect ratio supported by a user's display.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_MULT_RESOLUTION;BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER;MRBC;SHED')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_MULT_RESOLUTION;BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER;MRBC;SHED')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0069}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Notational Conventions}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} SDK_NOTE_CONVENTION}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} SDK_NOTE_CONVENTION}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} bold text;brace characters;bracket characters;characters;characters, notational conventions;conventions;ellipsis;horizontal ellipsis;keywords;keywords, semicolon separator;notational conventions;semicolon;special characters;vertical ellipsis}
\b Notational Conventions
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 This Help file uses the following conventions.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1975\ri125\fi-1865\tx1975 \b Convention\plain\f1\fs16 \tab \b Use\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \b Bold\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Indicates options and commands specific to Help authoring (for example, the \b CloseWindow\plain\f1\fs16  macro) and C language-specific terms and options (for example, the \b WinHelp\plain\f1\fs16  function).
\par [brackets]\tab Encloses optional items in syntax statements. For example, [window-name] indicates a window name might be needed in the syntax statement. Type only the information within the brackets, not the brackets themselves.
\par \b \{\-\plain\f1\fs16 braces\b \'7d\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Encloses RTF statements in topic files. Type the bold braces and commands, and substitute your values for parameters that are not displayed in bold.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1975\ri125\fi-1865\tx1975 Semicolon (;)\tab Separates keywords in topic footnotes and macro strings. Also introduces comments in the project (.hpj) file.
\par Horizontal ellipsis (...)\tab Indicates that the item shown might appear more than once.
\par Vertical ellipsis(. . .)\tab Indicates that the example omits a portion of the file or program.
\par User\tab Indicates the person using the finished Help system.
\par Author\tab Indicates the person (or persons) preparing the Help system.
\par Developer\tab Indicates the person (or persons) developing the program from which the Help file is accessed, if there is one.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Copyright notice}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6RZ0TV}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Copyright Notice
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 This document is provided for informational purposes only, and Microsoft Corporation makes no warranties, either express or implied, in this document. The entire risk of the use or the results of the use of this document remains with the user. Companies, names, and data used in examples herein are fictitious unless otherwise noted. No part of this document may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, for any purpose, without the express written permission of Microsoft Corporation.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \'a9 1995 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Copyrights}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} NVUBFK}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} copyrights;Microsoft copyrights;registered trademarks;trademarks}
\b Copyrights
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 MS-DOS, Win32s, Windows, and Wingdings are registered trademarks and Visual C++ and Windows\'a0NT are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.
\par Macintosh and TrueType are registered trademarks of Apple Computer, Inc.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:006a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Software requirements}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Software_req}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} REQ;SOFTWARE_REQ}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file format, RTF;Hcrtf.exe;Hcw.exe;Help system;Help system, software requirements;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, software requirements;operating system requirements;requirements, software;RTF files;RTF files, software requirements for creating;RTF format;software requirements;Windows 95;Windows NT;WinHelp 4.0;WinHelp 4.0, software requirements;Winhlp32.exe;word processor;WordPad, avoiding for authoring topic files}
\b Software requirements
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 To author Windows Help version 4.0 files, you need the following software on your computer:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Help Workshop (Hcw.exe and Hcrtf.exe)
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab WinHelp version 4.0 (Winhlp32.exe)
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab A word processor that saves files in rich-text format (RTF), inserts custom footnotes, supports single and double underlining, and allows hidden text.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Windows\'a095 or Windows\'a0NT.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab Although you can author Help files on any version of Windows\'a0NT, WinHelp version 4.0 runs only on Windows\'a0NT version 3.51 or later. Help Workshop runs on Windows\'a095 or later, and on any version of Windows\'a0NT.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If you are familiar with RTF coding, you can prepare and save your topic files using any word processor or text editor that can retain the files in that format.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Do not use Microsoft WordPad to author topic files.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("COMPRESS;FTS;RTFHelpRTFStatements")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("COMPRESS;FTS;RTFHelpRTFStatements")}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1OTGU5L}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 To return to the list of topics, click Help Topics.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:006b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} New Help Topics dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} NEW_WINHELP_INTERFACE}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} NEW_USER;NEW_WINHELP_INTERFACE;whats_new}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Contents tab;Contents tab, about the Contents tab;dialog boxes;dialog boxes, Help Topics dialog box;Find tab;Find tab, about the Find tab;Help Topics dialog box;Help Topics dialog box, about the Help Topics dialog box;Index tab;Index tab, about the Index tab;new features;new features, Help Topics dialog box;tabs;tabs, about tabs in the Help Topics dialog box;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b New Help Topics dialog box
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The Help Topics dialog box contains a Contents tab, an Index tab, and a Find tab. This dialog box appears when users:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Click Help Topics on the Help menu in a program 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Double-click a Help file in Windows Explorer or My Computer or a Help shortcut icon on the desktop. The Help file must be associated with a contents (.cnt) file that specifies a Contents tab.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The Contents tab contains information that is specified by the new contents (.cnt) file. The Index tab contains the keywords for one or more Help files. The Find tab provides full-text search capability for all Help files.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`PRO_CNT_CREATE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`PRO_CNT_CREATE')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:006c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} New context menu}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} NEW_WINHELP_CONTEXT_MENUS}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} NEW_USER;NEW_WINHELP_CONTEXT_MENUS;whats_new}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} context menus;context menus, for Help windows;new features;new features, context menu;pop-up menus;pop-up menus, for Help windows;right mouse button;right mouse button, accessing a context menu for Help windows;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b New context menu
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 When users click a Help window using their right mouse button, a menu that contains the following commands appears:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Annotate
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Copy
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Print Topic
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Font
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Keep Help On Top
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Use System Colors
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 These commands also appear if users click the Options button in a Help window. An Options button appears on a Help window's button bar if you specify it in your project (hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab When you are viewing a Help file in \ul Help Author mode,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v PZJ46U} two additional commands appear on the menu:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Topic Information
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Ask On Hotspots
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`askonhot')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`askonhot')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:006d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} New Options menu}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} NEW_WINHELP_OPTIONS_MENU}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} NEW_USER;NEW_WINHELP_OPTIONS_MENU;whats_new}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} colors;colors, Use System Colors option for Help windows;Display History Window option;fonts,;fonts, changing from Options menu in Help windows;Help windows;Help windows, Keep Help On Top option;History window, option for displaying;Keep Help On Top option;new features;new features, Options menu;Options menu for Help windows;Use System Colors option;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b New Options menu
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 A new Options menu in the \ul main Help window\plain\f1\fs16 {\v O8.Q2} contains four commands:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Keep Help On Top
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Display History Window
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Font
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Use System Colors
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Most of these commands also appear when users click a Help window using their right mouse button, and when users click the Options button in a Help window. An Options button appears on a Help window's button bar if you specify it in your project (hpj) file.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:006e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} New annotation capabilities}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} New_annotation}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} NEW_ANNOTATION}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} annotations, read-only;Help topics,;Help topics, annotations in;new features;new features, annotations, read-only;paper-clip icon;read-only annotation files;topics,;topics, annotations in;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b New annotation capabilities
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp version 4.0 supports read-only annotation files. System administrators can insert annotations in a Help file, and then add a read-only attribute to the annotation (.ann) file. This prevents users from adding or editing annotations, but enables them to view annotations by clicking the paper-clip icon in annotated topics.
\par System administrators can place annotation files in network locations.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:006f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Improved copying}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} NEW_WINHELP_COPY}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} NEW_USER;NEW_WINHELP_COPY;whats_new}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} copying text in Help topics;drag and drop;Help topics,;Help topics, copying text in;new features;new features, copying text in Help topics;pop-up windows;pop-up windows, copying text in;right mouse button;right mouse button, copying text in Help windows;selecting text in Help topics;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b Improved copying
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Users can now copy Help text to the clipboard by selecting the text and then clicking the Copy command on the Edit menu of a \ul main window,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v O8.Q2} the Options button (if it is included on the window's button bar), or the \ul context menu.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v JNVVI2} To copy the contents of a \ul pop-up window,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 8XSV6X} users can use the right mouse button to click the window and then click Copy on the context menu. 
\par Users can also drag and drop selected text from a Help window to any program that supports drag-and-drop functions for OLE.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0070}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} New printing capabilities}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} NEW_WINHELP_PRINTING}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} NEW_USER;NEW_WINHELP_PRINTING;whats_new}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} EndMPrint macro;InitMPrint macro;macros,;macros, EndMPrint;macros, InitMPrint;new features;new features, printing options;printing;printing, multiple Help topics;printing, pop-up window contents;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b New printing options
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Users can now print multiple topics by clicking a book on the Contents tab, and then clicking the Print button. Users can also print topics by clicking an author-defined \ul hotspot\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7BM6.K} in a topic that has been set up to run the InitMPrint and EndMPrint macros.
\par To print the contents of a \ul pop-up window,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 8XSV6X} users can click the pop-up using their right mouse button, and then click Print Topic.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0071}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} New ESC key function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} New_key}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} NEW_KEY;NEW_USER;whats_new}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} closing;closing, Help windows;closing, WinHelp;ESC key;Help windows;Help windows, closing;new features;new features, ESC key function;WinHelp,;WinHelp, closing;WinHelp, new features}
\b New ESC key function
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The \scaps esc\plain\f1\fs16  key now closes the current Help window when no dialog box or \ul pop-up window\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 8XSV6X} is open. If the current Help window is the only Help window that is open, WinHelp closes.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0072}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Background color override}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} NEW_COLOR}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} NEW_COLOR;NEW_USER;whats_new}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} background color;background color, overriding;colors;colors, overriding background colors;new features;new features, background color override;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b Background color override
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If users set the \ul high contrast flag\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2EOL3C} or change the background or text colors for windows in Display properties, WinHelp ignores any window background colors that you defined in your project (.hpj) file.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0073}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Context-sensitive Help access}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} NEW_CONTEXT}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} NEW_CONTEXT;NEW_USER;whats_new}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} context-sensitive Help;context-sensitive Help, access to;dialog boxes;dialog boxes, accessing context-sensitive Help in;F1 key;new features;new features, access to context-sensitive Help;pop-up windows;pop-up windows, accessing from a dialog box;question mark button in dialog box title bars;right mouse button;right mouse button, accessing context-sensitive Help;What's This? command access;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b Context-sensitive Help access
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 In addition to using the F1 key to access context-sensitive Help for an item in a dialog box, users can click the \{bmc bm0.bmp\} button on the title bar of a dialog box, and then click the item. Users can also use their right mouse button to click an item, and then click What's This.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0074}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Graphical interfaces}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} NEW_AUTHOR_HCW_UI}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} NEW_AUTHOR;NEW_AUTHOR_HCW_UI}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help Workshop;Help Workshop, new features;new features;new features, graphical interface in Help Workshop;WinHelp 3.x files}
\b Graphical interfaces
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop has a new graphical interface that enables you to compile your Help files and to create and edit project (.hpj) and contents (.cnt) files. Using the graphical interface, you can easily specify or change settings. If you don't understand what a setting is for, you can use context-sensitive Help to learn more about it. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab Help Workshop can read (.hpj) files that were created for version 3.x of WinHelp. However, if you use Help Workshop to edit these files, they are saved in a slightly different format, and the MS-DOS\plain\f0\fs16 \'96\f1 based compiler will be unable to process them.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0075}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} New topic file features}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} New_topic_file}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} NEW_AUTHOR;NEW_TOPIC_FILE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} authorable buttons;avi files in Help topics;buttons,;buttons, authorable;creating;creating, authorable buttons;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, new features;multimedia;multimedia, adding to topics;new features;new features, new topic file features;topic files;topic files, new features}
\b New topic file features
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop provides two new topic statements and allows longer \ul hotspot\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7BM6.K} definitions.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Authorable buttons
\par \plain\f1\fs16 You can create an authorable button by using the \{\-button\'7d command in the topic (.rtf) file. Any WinHelp macro(s) can be assigned to the button. The width of the button is determined by the text defined for it. If no text is specified, WinHelp will create a 12-by-12\plain\f0\fs16 \'96\f1 pixel button.
\par \b Multimedia support
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can include multimedia files (.avi) in Help topics by using the \{\-mci\'7d command in the topic file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Increased hotspot capacity
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The size limitation for a \ul hotspot\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7BM6.K} has been raised to 4095 characters.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} New window-type footnote}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} New_window_type}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} footnotes;footnotes, window type footnote;new features;new features, new window-type footnote;window types;windows,;windows, specifying type;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b New window-type footnote
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Topics are usually displayed in the main or current window type unless another window type is specified in jump instructions for a \ul hotspot\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7BM6.K} or for an item on the Contents tab. However, you can override the window type when the topic is accessed from the Index or Find tabs, or by an \ul ALink\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7V8V.U} or \ul KLink\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1R9H33X} macro.
\par You can use the greater-than sign (>) footnote in your topic (.rtf) files to specify a window type for any given topic. The window type you specify must be defined in the project (.hpj) file.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Secondary-window features}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1BQUZJT}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} absolute position;Back button;button bar;button bar, in secondary windows;new features;new features, secondary-window features;secondary windows;secondary windows, new features;window types;windows,;windows, secondary;windows, specifying type;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b Secondary-window features
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\ul\fs16 Secondary windows\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2ZK4PT} can now contain a button bar, which is completely configurable in the project (.hpj) file. You can use standard buttons and add your own.
\par You can now specify as many as 255 secondary-window types in your project file. Up to nine of these secondary windows can be displayed at the same time. You can also specify an \ul absolute position\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 9UIBLJ} for a Help window.
\par You can add a Back button to a secondary window. Each window type has its own history list and will display only the history of topics that were displayed in that window type. This functionality is designed for Help files that use a secondary window exclusively. You can use either the Back() macro or add the Back button to the secondary window's button bar.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You can set secondary windows to automatically adjust to the length of a topic. In addition, users can more easily specify that secondary windows should stay on top of other windows.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} New macros and enhanced macro processing}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} New_macros}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help Workshop;Help Workshop, new features;long names for macros;macros,;macros, long names for;macros, new features;new features;new features, enhanced macro processing;new features, new macros;quotation marks;quotation marks, unnecessary in macros;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b New macros and enhanced macro processing
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 More than 20 new macros are available for WinHelp version 4.0 Help files, and Help Workshop has fewer limitations on macro processing. In addition, there is no practical limit to the number of macros that can be nested.
\par Help Workshop now automatically changes macro names to their short form. (Using long names for macros in .rtf files greatly enhances the readability of those files.) For macros requiring numeric arguments, you can use more descriptive string values instead. In most cases, quotation marks are no longer necessary. If the final parameter for a macro is 0 or " ", that parameter can be omitted.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Hotspot macros can now use as many as 4096 characters.
\par For a list of macros, see the \uldb Macro Quick Reference.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v MACRO_REF_OVR}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Bitmaps supplied by Help Workshop}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 149DTIV}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} bitmaps,;bitmaps, supplied by Help Workshop;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, new features;new features;new features, bitmaps supplied by Help Workshop}
\b Bitmaps supplied by Help Workshop
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop comes with new bitmaps that you can use. You can specify the filename for any of these bitmaps in your topic (.rtf) files, even though the bitmap is not in your bitmaps folder. If your bitmaps folder contains a bitmap that has the same filename as one specified below, that bitmap is used instead of the one supplied by Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\brdrb\brdrs\tx1075 \b Bitmap\tab Filename
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx1075 \plain\f1\fs16 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab bullet.bmp
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx1075 \{bmc bm2.bmp\}\tab emdash.bmp
\par \{bmct bm3.bmp\}\tab shortcut.bmp
\par \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab onestep.bmp
\par \{bmc bm5.bmp\}\tab open.bmp
\par \{bmc bm6.bmp\}\tab closed.bmp
\par \{bmc bm7.bmp\}\tab document.bmp
\par \{bmc bm8.bmp\}\tab do-it.bmp
\par \{bmc bm9.bmp\}\tab chiclet.bmp
\par \{bmc bm10.bmp\}\tab prcarrow.bmp
\par \{bmc bm0.bmp\}\tab cshelp.bmp
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Greater color support}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HH396.}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} bitmaps,;bitmaps, color depth;color depth;colors;colors, bitmaps;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, new features;new features;new features, greater color support;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b Greater color support
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp version 4.0 supports any color depth that the operating system supports (256 colors, 24-bit color, and so on). If you use 16-color bitmaps, you are no longer limited to the standard 16 colors. 
\par Help Workshop version enables you to specify more than one color-depth version of a graphic in a single \{\-bmx\'7d bitmap statement in your topic (.rtf) file. WinHelp determines the color-depth capability of a user's monitor, and then uses the most appropriate bitmap file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab You can now make the white background color in bitmaps transparent, so the colored background of a Help topic shows through.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} New default buttons}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} New_default_button}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} browse buttons;browse buttons, in secondary windows;button bar;button bar, new default buttons;buttons,;buttons, new default buttons;default buttons;Find button;Help Topics button;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, new features;new features;new features, new default buttons;secondary windows;secondary windows, new features;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b New default buttons
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 In addition to the regular default buttons, you can add a Find button to the button bar, and you can use a Help Topics button instead of the Contents and Index buttons. In addition, browse buttons are now available in \ul secondary windows.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2ZK4PT} 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Duplicate accelerators}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} E6G33D}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} accelerator keys;accelerator keys, duplicate;duplicate accelerators;new features;new features, duplicate accelerators;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b Duplicate accelerators
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If two or more buttons use the same accelerator, WinHelp now attempts to move the accelerator of the second button so that the letter chosen does not conflict with the accelerator of any other button. If WinHelp cannot create a unique accelerator and the user presses that accelerator key, WinHelp displays a dialog box containing the text of every button that contains the duplicated accelerator and asks the user to choose.
\par If no accelerator is specified for the text of a button, WinHelp automatically chooses the first letter that does not conflict with any other button. If WinHelp cannot find a unique accelerator, WinHelp uses the first letter of the text string. WinHelp ignores conflicts with menu accelerators.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} New topic-linking features}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 35SG_9Q}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ALinks;ALinks, new topic-linking features;interfile jumps;jumps;jumps, new topic-linking features;jumps, to another Help file;KLinks;KLinks, new topic-linking features;linking multiple Help files;linking topics;new features;new features, new topic-linking features;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b New topic-linking features
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp version 4.0 provides two new linking macros, \ul KLink\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1R9H33X} and \ul ALink,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7V8V.U} that enable you to provide jumps to multiple topics based on \ul keywords\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 9ML77Q} rather than specific context strings.
\par These jumps are resolved when the user clicks them instead of when the file is compiled. This enables you to create interfile jumps for Help files that might change after the original jump was created or for Help files that might or might not have been installed at the time the program was released.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 KLink macros use K-keywords \plain\f0\fs16 \'97\f1  the same keywords that you use to create the index. If a user clicks a \ul hotspot\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7BM6.K} that runs the KLink macro, WinHelp displays the Topics Found dialog box, which contains a list of all the topics that have the associated keywords throughout the family of Help files. The macro can be configured so that if only one topic is found, the jump occurs immediately without displaying the Topics Found dialog box. KLink (and ALink) macros can access multiple Help files if they are properly specified in the contents file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 ALink macros function similarly to KLink macros except A-keywords never appear in the index. Jumps using ALink macros are unaffected by any changes to the index.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} New WinHelp API commands}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} New_API}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} tables}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} new features;new features, new WinHelp API commands;WinHelp API commands, new;WinHelp function;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b New WinHelp API commands
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following new commands are available for the WinHelp function.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\brdrb\brdrs\tx2155 \b Command\tab Purpose
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\tx2155 \plain\f1\fs16 HELP_CONTEXTMENU\tab Displays context-sensitive Help when the right mouse button is clicked.
\par HELP_FINDER\tab Displays the Help Topics dialog box in its last state.
\par HELP_SETPOPUP_POS\tab Sets the position for the next pop-up window. Overrides the actual mouse position.
\par HELP_TCARD\tab Indicates that a command is for a training-card instance of the WinHelp program. A program combines the HELP_TCARD flag with other commands by using the bitwise OR operator.
\par HELP_WM_HELP\tab Displays context-sensitive Help when the F1 key is pressed.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} New author-specified font capability}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Q5GYJT}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Contents tab;Contents tab, default font;default fonts;dialog boxes;dialog boxes, Topics Found dialog box;font handling features;fonts,;fonts, default;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, new features;Index tab;Index tab, default font;new features;new features, new author-specified font capability;Topics Found dialog box;Topics Found dialog box, default font;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b New author-specified font capability
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp version 4.0 enables you to set the default fonts for lists that appear on the Contents and Index tabs and in the Topics Found dialog box. You can set default fonts while editing your project (.hpj) file by clicking the Options button, and then clicking the Fonts tab.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Character set as part of font description}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 74Z0SU}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} character sets;character sets, including as part of font description;font handling features;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, new features;new features;new features, character set as part of font description;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b Character set as part of font description
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp version 4.0 expects Help files to include the character set as part of the font description. If you are using a word processor that includes this information as part of the font table description (for example, Microsoft Word for Windows version 6.0), Help Workshop includes this information automatically. If the information is not supplied in the topic (.rtf) file, Help Workshop uses default values for the character set.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Longer font names}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2ZR9RVV}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} font handling features;font names;fonts, international;fonts, Script;fonts, Wingdings;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, new features;international fonts;new features;new features, longer font names;Script fonts;Wingdings font support;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b Longer font names
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop increases the limit for font names from 20 to 31 characters.
\par WinHelp also stores the character set, making it possible to use fonts like Script and various international fonts. The Wingdings font is now fully supported.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Greater RTF character support}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7.0B3X}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} characters;characters, greater RTF character support;font handling features;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, new features;new features;new features, greater RTF character support}
\b Greater RTF character support
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop now supports the following RTF statements:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab \uldb \'5cemdash\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1_S4HV.>tables}
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab \uldb \'5cendash\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 99UDT3>tables}
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab \uldb \'5cemspace\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1X9ISO4>tables}
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab \uldb \'5censpace\plain\f1\fs16 {\v GLD2DA>tables}
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab \uldb \'5clquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v D2X9GS>tables}
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab \uldb \'5crquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v _.DCI4>tables}
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab \uldb \'5cldblquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v XC5Y79>tables}
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab \uldb \'5crdblquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12UI60T>tables}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Automatic localization of quotation marks}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2APQ_RY}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} characters;characters, automatic localization of quotation marks;font handling features;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, new features;localizing;localizing, quotation marks;new features;new features, automatic localization of quotation marks;quotation marks;quotation marks, automatic localization of}
\b Automatic localization of quotation marks
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The \uldb \'5cldblquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v XC5Y79>tables} and \uldb \'5crdblquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12UI60T>tables} RTF statements\b  \plain\f1\fs16 are used for generating quotation marks. The actual characters that are displayed in the Help file are determined by the language specified in the project (.hpj) file.
\par WinHelp displays French-style quotation marks for the following character sets:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Algerian
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Belgian
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab French Canadian
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab French (Luxembourg)
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab French (Standard)
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab French (Swiss)
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Moroccan
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Tunisian
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 WinHelp displays German-style quotation marks for the following character sets:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab German (Austrian)
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab German (Liechtenstein)
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab German (Luxembourg)
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab German (Standard)
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab German (Swiss)
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 All other non \plain\f0\fs16 \'96\f1  double-byte character sets display the standard curly quotation marks. Curly quotation marks are displayed in Times Roman, using the current font's point size.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Examples
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 \{bmc bm11.bmp\}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0076}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} New context-sensitive help features}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} New_context_sensitive}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} NEW_AUTHOR;NEW_CONTEXT_SENSITIVE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} context-sensitive Help;context-sensitive Help, new features;dialog boxes;dialog boxes, new context-sensitive Help features;new features;new features, new context-sensitive Help features;overview topics for dialog boxes;pop-up windows;pop-up windows, new context-sensitive Help features;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b New context-sensitive help features
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 In WinHelp 4.0, the procedure for applying context-sensitive \ul pop-up\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 8XSV6X} Help topics to interface elements and controls has been greatly simplified. At the same time, it is now possible to apply context-sensitive Help directly to a greater range of individual interface elements. This increase in ease and range encourages Help authors and developers to make fuller use of context-sensitive Help. Where conceptual overviews are needed for dialog boxes, an overview topic can be linked to a Help button in those dialog boxes.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`cs_help')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`cs_help',0,`main')}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Help Author command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IV.JR3}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help Author command;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, new features;new features;new features, Help Author command;numbers;numbers, in title bar;title bar;title bar, numbers in;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b Help Author command
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 A new Help Author command provides additional authoring information and debugging capabilities. When you check the Help Author command on the File menu in Help Workshop:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The text on the title bar of the Help topic is replaced with the topic number. This number is determined by the order in which topics appear in your topic (.rtf) files, as listed in the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You can press \scaps ctrl+shift+right\'a0arrow\plain\f1\fs16 , and \scaps ctrl+shift+left\'a0arrow \plain\f1\fs16 to step through the topics in your Help file and \scaps ctrl+shift+home \plain\f1\fs16 and\scaps  ctrl+shift+end \plain\f1\fs16 to move to the beginning or end of your Help file.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab WinHelp displays specific information about problems in the Help (.hlp) or contents (.cnt) file.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Topic Information and Ask On Hotspots commands appear when you click a topic using your right mouse button. The Topic Information command displays information about the current topic, including the text of the title ($) footnote, the macros specified in the entry macro (!) footnote, the name of the current window type, and the Help filename and path. The Ask On Hotspots command changes the effect of clicking a \ul hotspot.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7BM6.K} If this command is checked, WinHelp displays the topic ID or macro syntax of any hotspot you click and prompts you to specify whether the macro or hotspot jump should be carried out.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Report command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HLKB15}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help Workshop;Help Workshop, new features;new features;new features, Report command;Report command;reports, generating}
\b Report command
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can generate a report that contains information about a Help file by clicking the File menu in Help Workshop, and then clicking Report. Reports can contain information about a Help file's topic titles, hash numbers, and \ul keywords.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 9ML77Q} You can also request a report containing all the ASCII text in a Help file.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} New test commands}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} New_test_command}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help Workshop;Help Workshop, new features;new features;new features, new test commands}
\b New test commands
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following commands are available on the Help Workshop Test menu:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Contents File.  Checks the contents file for parameter limits, level coherence, nesting depth, duplicate elements, missing parameters, file availability, and other components. 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Send A Macro.  Enables you to see how a specific macro will perform in a Help file.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab WinHelp API.  Enables you to call a WinHelp API as if it were invoked from another program.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Easy jumping to topics}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .ZI3U2}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} dialog boxes;dialog boxes, Jump dialog box;Jump dialog box;new features;new features, easy jumping to topics;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b Easy jumping to topics
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 A new Jump dialog box enables you to jump directly to a topic by specifying its \ul topic ID.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7.61TY} You can open the Jump dialog box by pressing \scaps ctrl+shift+j\plain\f1\fs16  in any topic window except \ul pop-up windows.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 8XSV6X}
\par You can run any macro from the Jump dialog box by specifying a macro string, preceded by an exclamation point (!), instead of a topic ID. You can specify several macros by separating them with colons (:) or semicolons (;).
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Missing-bitmaps error message}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8062D5}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} bitmaps;bitmaps, missing-bitmap error message;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, new features;messages;messages, missing-bitmap error message;missing-bitmap error message;new features;new features, missing-bitmaps error message}
\b Missing-bitmaps error
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 When Help Workshop cannot find a bitmap, it inserts its own bitmap in its place and includes the name of the missing bitmap. In this way, you can readily tell the difference between a missing bitmap and a bitmap that WinHelp cannot display.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Improved error handling}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} A4US7A}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} error handling;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, new features;messages;messages, improved error handling;new features;new features, improved error handling}
\b Improved error handling
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Errors are no longer reported by levels. Accordingly, Help Workshop ignores the WARNINGS= option in the project (.hpj) file. Problems are now divided into Notes, Warnings, and Errors. All message identifiers begin with the letters "HC" and end with a 4-digit number, for example, "HC1000." You can look up a message identifier in this Help file for more information. Help Workshop displays:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Notes for problems that probably do not affect the Help file adversely.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Warnings if a Help file contains problems but can still be compiled.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Errors if the Help file cannot be compiled.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} New monitoring of WinHelp messages}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} K0QAEU}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help Workshop;Help Workshop, new features;messages;messages, monitoring WinHelp messages;monitoring WinHelp messages;new features;new features, new monitoring of WinHelp messages;WinHelp messages}
\b New monitoring of WinHelp messages
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can now monitor the WinHelp messages that are processed while a Help file is running. Help Workshop displays information about WinHelp API calls, context-sensitive calls, \ul hotspot\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7BM6.K} jumps, embedded window commands, which macros are being executed, which topics and \ul pop-up windows\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 8XSV6X} are current, and which configuration (.gid) file is being read. To access this feature, click the View menu in Help Workshop, and then click WinHelp Messages.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Help file search path}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 12CTJPQ}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} new features;new features, Help file search path;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b Help file search path
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp now searches for Help files in the following locations, in the order listed.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If a path is specified, WinHelp first searches for the file in the specified path. If the file is not found, the path is removed and the following locations are searched.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The folder of the current Help file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The current folder.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The System subfolder of the Windows folder.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The Windows folder.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The folders listed in the PATH environment.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The location specified in the Winhelp.ini file.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The registry.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 If WinHelp cannot find a Help file, it displays a dialog box that enables the user to specify the location of the Help file. If the users finds the file, WinHelp will add the location information in the registry.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Bitmap search path}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 13CIKRD}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} bitmaps,;bitmaps, search path;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, new features;new features;new features, bitmap search path;search path}
\b Bitmap search path
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop now searches in three locations for a bitmap. If a path for a bitmap is specified, it first searches in that location. If it cannot find the bitmap, the path is removed and the following locations are searched:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The folder(s) specified in the project (.hpj) file for bitmaps
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The folder(s) specified in the project file for topic (.rtf) files
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The folder that contains the topic file in which the bitmap is specified
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The folder that contains the project file
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0077}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Training cards}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} NEW_WINHELP_TCARDS}
{\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} NEW_USER;NEW_WINHELP_TCARDS;whats_new}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} new features;new features, training cards;WinHelp,;WinHelp, new features}
\b Training cards
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Training cards are a new feature that enables WinHelp to determine which Help topic to display by communicating with another program. You can use this feature when the topic that should be displayed next is dependent on the actions a user takes in a program. For example, you could create a topic that contains only the first step of a procedure. When the user carries out that step, the program tells WinHelp to display the topic that contains the next step. 
\par When you use the training cards feature, you must work with a program developer to set it up in the program's code.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0065}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Help macros}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MACRO_OVERVIEW}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} MACRO_OVERVIEW;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, about Help macros;running macros}
\b\fs24 Help macros
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp provides a set of macros that enable you to control and customize Help functionality. Macro reference topics describe the macros included with WinHelp and explain how to use them in your Help file.
\par When creating your Help files, you can make your Help macros run by:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 Placing macros in the project (.hpj) file, so WinHelp runs the macros whenever a user opens the Help file or a particular window type.
\par \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 Placing macros in the project file, so WinHelp runs the macros whenever a user chooses a keyword from the Index tab in the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 Placing macros in a topic footnote, so the macros run when a user displays that topic.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Placing macros in the contents (.cnt) file, so WinHelp runs the macros whenever a user double-clicks the associated page icon.
\par \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 Configuring the menu bar and button bar, so WinHelp runs a macro when a user clicks the menu item or button.
\par \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 Adding hotspots to your topic, so the macro runs when a user clicks the hotspot.
\par \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 Using an external program to send a function call that prompts WinHelp to run a Help macro.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Help macros are designed to imitate standard C-language format; however, standard Help macros do not support variables or expression evaluation.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab If you find that the standard Help macro set falls short of your ultimate goal, you can also create your own Help macros by using DLL functions.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("macro_syntax;macro_dlls;macro_error_chk;macro_return_vals;macro_from_app")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("macro_syntax;macro_dlls;macro_error_chk;macro_return_vals;macro_from_app")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0110}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Macro syntax}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JLUVN5}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} macro_all;macro_syntax;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} characters;characters, in macro statements;macros,;macros, syntax;syntax of macro statements}
\b\fs24 Macro syntax
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help macro statements have two main components: the macro name and the macro parameters enclosed in parentheses. The macro name must be spelled exactly as it is shown in the syntax and the parameters must be used in the order they are given in the syntax. Parameters provide information for the macro; for example, the JumpId macro, which jumps to a topic with a specific topic ID, has parameters for the name of the Help file and the topic's ID.
\par All Help macros use the following syntax:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab MacroName(parameter1, parameter2, ...)
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The opening parenthesis, closing parenthesis, and commas are required characters when included in the syntax statement for a macro. Macro names are not case sensitive. Help Workshop automatically changes macro names to their short form and removes all unnecessary white space. This enables you to use long names for macros in your topic (.rtf) file to enhance readability.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Parameters can be text strings or numbers, and are separated by commas. If the final parameter for a macro is 0 or "", that parameter can be omitted.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Some macros have no parameters, but the parentheses are still required.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 If you create custom macros, the macro name should begin with an alphabetic character, followed by any combination of alphabetic characters, numbers, or the underscore character, as in this example:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab PlayAudio()
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 You can include more than one macro in a macro string by placing a colon or semicolon between each macro. WinHelp runs the macros sequentially.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Backslashes are used as an escape character, allowing you to include quotes as part of a macro parameter. If you need a literal backslash (for example, in a path specification) you must double the backslash for every level of macro nesting. For path specifications, use a forward slash instead of backslashes.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("syntax_more;conventions")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("syntax_more;conventions")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0111}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Macro error checking}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LYON0T}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} macro_error_check}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros;macros, error checking}
\b\fs24 Macro error checking
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop checks the validity of each macro included in a Help file as it compiles. If it finds an error, it displays an error message and stops processing that macro. Help Workshop checks whether you:\fs24 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs16 Spelled the macro's name correctly
\par \f2\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs16 Specified the correct macro syntax (for example, the number of opening and closing parentheses and quotation marks should match)
\par \f2\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs16 Specified the required number of macro parameters
\par \f2\fs18 \'b7\tab \f1\fs16 Specified types that match the parameter types (for example, you specified numeric parameters with numerals)
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0112}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Using string parameters}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1VGFC2P}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} new_macro;syntax_more}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, using string parameters;quotation marks;quotation marks, using in string parameters;string parameters;string parameters, using string parameters}
\b\fs24 Using string parameters
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Some macros require that string parameters be enclosed within quotation marks. In most cases, quotation marks are not necessary if the macro is in a topic (.rtf) or project (.hpj) file. Quotation marks can be either double quotation marks (") or matching single quotation marks(`').
\par Using single quotation marks eliminates ambiguities in situations where strings are nested within other strings.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab When calling a macro from an external program or from a contents (.cnt) file, string parameters must be enclosed within quotation marks, and numeric parameters must use a number.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0113}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Using numeric parameters}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} NVKD5D}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} syntax_more}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, using numeric parameters;numeric parameters}
\b\fs24 Using numeric parameters
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp and Help Workshop recognize decimal and hexadecimal numbers for numeric parameters. Use a prefix of 0x to indicate a hexadecimal number. For example, the following numbers both represent decimal 64:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab 64\line
0x40
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 To specify a negative number, add a minus sign before the number.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0114}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Using special characters in macro strings}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KXPPDQ}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} syntax_more}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} characters;characters, in macro strings;macros,;macros, using special characters in strings;special characters}
\b\fs24 Using special characters in macro strings
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 To use the following characters within a macro as part of a parameter value, you must preface the character with a backslash. 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f3\fs10 \tab \f1\fs16 Double quotation mark (")
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Single opening quotation mark (`)
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Single closing quotation mark (')
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Backslash (\'5c)
\par Commas or parentheses do not need to be preceded by a backslash within a macro string.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab For every level of nested macros that you use, you must double the backslashes. To specify a filename path, use forward slashes rather then backslashes, as in c:/myapp/myapp.exe.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0115}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Making DLL calls in Help macros}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _6X2RP}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} macro_dlls}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DLLs;DLLs, calls in macros;macros,;macros, making DLL calls in}
\b\fs24 Making DLL calls in Help macros
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can call functions in a DLL if you inform WinHelp about the call by using the RegisterRoutine macro. For example, you could register the MessageBox function that is part of Windows with the following:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab [CONFIG]\line
RegisterRoutine("user", "MessageBox", "USSU")
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Having registered this function, you could display a message box with a call similar to the following:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab MessageBox(hwndContext, "This is my message", "Help Message", 0)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW;RegisterRoutine")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW;RegisterRoutine")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0116}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Return values in Help macros}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2LS_6W1}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} macro_return_vals}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, return values in;return values in macros}
\b\fs24 Return values in Help macros
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Generally, Help Workshop ignores return values in macros. However, the IsMark and IfThenElse macros can be used together to test a condition and run a macro if the condition evaluates to a non-zero, or true, value. The following example shows a typical use of IsMark and IfThenElse:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab IfThenElse(FileExist(myapp.exe), ExecFile(myapp.exe),  JumpId(how to install myapp))
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The first parameter of the IfThenElse macro is a boolean value (zero or non-zero number). Since FileExist returns a boolean value, it can be used as the first parameter. Help runs this macro as follows:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 1\tab WinHelp runs the FileExist macro and obtains a boolean result from it (non-zero if the file exists, zero if it doesn\'92t).
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab The IfThenElse macro runs. WinHelp passes the value returned from FileExist to the first parameter and passes the ExecFile and JumpId macro strings to the second and third parameters.
\par 3\tab If the number passed to the first parameter is not zero, the IfThenElse macro runs the ExecFile macro; otherwise, it runs the JumpId macro.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("FileExist;ExecFile;IfThenElse;JumpId")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("FileExist;ExecFile;IfThenElse;JumpId")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0117}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Using DLL functions as Help macros}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} A_WUB0}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} macro_dlls}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DLLs;DLLs, using DLL functions as macros;macros,;macros, using DLL functions as}
\b\fs24 Using DLL functions as Help macros
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If you want to add a feature to your Help file that WinHelp does not support, and you have programming experience for Windows, you can develop custom extensions to support the functions you need. You can use calls to functions in the DLLs as Help macros by registering the functions in the project (.hpj) file using the RegisterRoutine macro.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW;registerroutine")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW;registerroutine")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0066}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Calling macros from a contents file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1_IUN22}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} macro_from_cnt}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} calling macros;contents files;contents files, calling macros from;macros,;macros, calling from contents files}
\b\fs24 Calling macros from a contents file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 When you call a macro from a contents (.cnt) file, you cannot use Help Workshop to turn macros into a format that WinHelp can understand. This means you must use the short name for the macro, use quotation marks around all string parameters, use numeric values for numeric parameters, and supply all the parameters for a macro . You cannot omit most parameters as you can in your topic (.rtf) file. The only parameters you can omit are trailing arguments that would have a value of 0 or "".
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("macro_from_app ")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("macro_from_app ")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0118}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Calling macros from a program}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1_IUL3Y}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} macro_from_app}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} calling macros;macros,;macros, calling from program;programs, calling macros from}
\b\fs24 Calling macros from a program
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 A program can send a HELP_COMMAND parameter in the WinHelp API call that specifies a macro to run. This WinHelp call would look like the following: 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \b \tab \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp(hwndProgram, "HelpFile[>WindowName]", HELP_COMMAND, "macro");
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The following example uses the ALink macro in the Myhelp.hlp file:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295\tx445 \tab case IDM_HELP_KEYBOARD:\line
\tab WinHelp (hwnd, "myhelp.hlp", HELP_COMMAND, (DWORD)  "AL(`HELP_KEYBOARD\'5c\'92)");\line
\tab return 0;
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295\tx445 When you call a macro from a program, you cannot use Help Workshop to turn macros into a format that WinHelp can understand. This means you must use the short name for the macro, use quotation marks around all string parameters, use numeric values for numeric parameters, and supply all the parameters for a macro . You cannot omit most parameters as you can in your topic (.rtf) file. The only parameters you can omit are trailing arguments that would have a value of 0 or "".
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,KL("winhelp")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("winhelp")}\uldb 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0119}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Nested macros and nested string parameters}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} E8ZVQL}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} macro_nested}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, using nested macros;macros, using nested string parameters;string parameters,;string parameters, nested}
\plain\f1\b\fs24 Nested Macros and Nested String Parameters
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop supports nested macros, a macro that is included in another macro as a parameter value. Because nested macros often have their own string parameters, you must frequently specify a string enclosed within another string.
\par For example, the following macro creates a button called Time that uses the ExecFile macro as a parameter. When the user clicks the button, the Microsoft Windows Clock program starts. Because the ExecFile macro takes a string as its first parameter, the string is enclosed in single quotation marks:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab CreateButton("btn_time", "&Time", "ExecFile(`clock', 0)")
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 If the nested macro has any string parameters, they must have quotation marks that are different from the enclosing macro quotation marks. In other words, if double quotation marks enclose a macro, you must enclose any nested strings in single quotation marks.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 You can also use single quotation marks for the outermost parameters. You can avoid confusion with nested string parameters by using single quotation marks for all string parameters. Just be sure to match the opening and closing quotation marks correctly.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 If a nested macro contains a path, be sure to double each backslash for every level that the macro is nested, starting with double the typical number of backslashes in a macro nested one level. Double the backslashes again for a macro nested two levels, and so on. Alternatively, you might be able to use forward slashes in place of backslashes. You do not need to double forward slashes in paths in nested macros. Forward slashes, however, are not compatible with all networks. Make sure forward slashes are compatible with your network before using them.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("ExecFile")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("ExecFile")}\uldb 
\par \plain\f1\fs16 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0093}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To create a topic file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_CREATE_TOPIC_FILE}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_CREATE_TOPIC_FILE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} creating;creating, topic files;Help topics,;Help topics, creating;topic files;topic files, creating;topics,;topics, creating}
\b To create a topic file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab Open a new file in a word processor or text editor that can handle rich text format.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Write your individual topics, separating each topic with a hard page break.
\par 3\tab Add appropriate footnotes at the beginning of the file.
\par \tab See Related Topics below.
\par 4\tab Save the file in rich text format with the .rtf filename extension.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Tip
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab Before creating a complete topic file, test the compatibility of your word processor or text editor by compiling a short test topic file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`POP_OVERVIEW_TOPIC;BAS_TOPIC_FOOTNOTE;PRO_ADD_TOPIC_ID;PRO_ADD_TITLE;PRO_ADD_INDEX_ENTRIES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`POP_OVERVIEW_TOPIC;BAS_TOPIC_FOOTNOTE;;PRO_ADD_TOPIC_ID;PRO_ADD_TITLE;PRO_ADD_INDEX_ENTRIES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0094}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To add a topic ID to a topic}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_ADD_TOPIC_ID}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_ADD_TOPIC_ID;PRO_TOPIC}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} # (number sign) footnotes;adding;adding, footnotes to topics;footnotes;footnotes, adding to topics;footnotes, number sign (#);footnotes, topic ID footnote;number sign (#) footnote;topic IDs;topic IDs, adding to topics;topics,;topics, adding footnotes to}
\b To add a topic ID to a topic
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab Place the insertion point at the beginning of the topic you want to add a \ul topic ID\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7.61TY} to.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Insert a number sign (#) as a footnote mark.
\par 3\tab Type the topic ID name as the footnote text, observing these restrictions:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li455\ri125\fi-155\tx455 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Topic IDs can contain spaces, but avoid leading and trailing spaces.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Do not use reserved characters (# = + @ * % !).
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Use no more than 255 characters.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Do not begin a topic ID with a number if the ID will also be used in the [MAP] section.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx455 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab To enable Help Workshop to track errors, start all topics IDs that will be called from a program with IDH_ . Help Workshop will list any undefined topics that begin with IDH_ in the [MAP] section of the project file, and will warn of any topic of any IDH_ topic IDs that do not appear in the [MAP] section.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If you want users to jump to a specific location in a topic, you can insert a topic ID at that location. 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0095}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To add a title footnote to a topic}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_ADD_TITLE}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_ADD_TITLE;PRO_TOPIC}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} $ (dollar sign) footnotes;adding;adding, footnotes to topics;dollar sign ($) footnote;footnotes;footnotes, adding to topics;footnotes, dollar sign ($);footnotes, title footnote;title footnotes;topic title footnotes;topics,;topics, adding footnotes to}
\b To add a title footnote to a topic
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab Place the insertion point at the beginning of the topic you want to add a\ul  title footnote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ALPG0Y} to.
\par 2\tab Insert a dollar sign ($) as a footnote mark.
\par 3\tab Type the title as the footnote text
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab Titles can have up to 255 characters (127 for DBCS characters). Spaces count as characters.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0096}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To mark a topic as an ALink target}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_ADD_KEYWORD}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_ADD_KEYWORD;PRO_TOPIC}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adding;adding, footnotes to topics;A-footnotes;A-keywords;ALinks;ALinks, marking a topic as an ALink target;footnotes;footnotes, adding to topics;footnotes, A-footnote;keywords;keywords, adding A-keywords to topics;topic keywords;topics,;topics, adding footnotes to}
\b To mark a topic as an ALink target
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab Place the insertion point at the beginning of the topic.
\par 2\tab Insert an A as a footnote mark.
\par 3\tab Type one or more keywords as the footnote text, observing the following restrictions:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li455\ri125\fi-155\tx455 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Separate keywords with a semicolon.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Spaces before and after keywords are removed.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Do not use carriage returns.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Use no more than 255 characters per keyword.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx455 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab The \ul ALink\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7V8V.U} macro searches for topics containing an A-keyword.\f2 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \'b7\f1 \tab Keywords are case-sensitive, but Help Workshop assumes that two keywords that differ only in case are meant to be the same keyword. Help Workshop changes one of the keywords to agree with the other and displays a warning message.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0097}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To create index entries for a topic}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 25J8VDH}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_ADD_KEYWORD;PRO_TOPIC}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adding;adding, footnotes to topics;adding, index entries;creating;creating, index entries;footnotes;footnotes, adding to topics;footnotes, K-footnote;index entries, creating;index,;index, creating entries for;keywords;keywords, adding K-keywords to topics;K-footnotes;K-keywords;topic keywords;topics,;topics, adding footnotes to}
\b To create index entries for a topic
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab Place the insertion point at the beginning of the topic.
\par 2\tab Insert a K as a footnote mark.
\par 3\tab Type a list of keywords as the corresponding footnote text. Observe the following restrictions:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li455\ri125\fi-155\tx455 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Separate keywords with a semicolon.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Spaces before and after keywords are removed.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Do not use carriage returns.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Use no more than 255 characters per keyword.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx455 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab The \ul KLink\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7V8V.U} macro searches for topics containing a K-keyword.\f2 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \'b7\f1 \tab Keywords are case-sensitive, but Help Workshop assumes that two keywords that differ only in case are meant to be the same keyword. Help Workshop changes one of the keywords to agree with the other and displays a warning message.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_KEYWORDS;PRO_ADD_LEVEL2_KEYWORDS;BAS_WRITE_INDEX')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_KEYWORDS;PRO_ADD_LEVEL2_KEYWORDS;BAS_WRITE_INDEX')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0098}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To create second-level index entries for a topic}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_ADD_LEVEL2_KEYWORDS}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_ADD_LEVEL2_KEYWORDS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adding;adding, index entries;creating;creating, index entries;index entries, creating;index,;index, creating entries for;keywords;keywords, adding K-keywords to topics;K-keywords;second-level index entries;topic keywords}
\b To create second-level index entries for a topic
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In the K-footnote of a topic, type the first-level keyword entry followed by a semicolon (;).
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Immediately after the semicolon, type the first-level entry again, followed by a comma (,) or a colon (:), a space, the second-level entry, and a semicolon.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The following K-footnote text results in the index entries shown below it:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 macro; macro, library; macro, automatic; macro, complex; macro, simple
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295\tx445 \tab macro\line
\tab \tab automatic\line
\tab \tab complex\line
\tab \tab library\line
\tab \tab simple
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295\tx445 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab Entries appear alphabetically in the index, regardless of their order in footnote text.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Spaces before and after keywords are removed.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You can change the characters you use to identify second-level index entries. For more information, click Related Topics.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`PRO_SPECIFY_SEP_CHAR;PRO_ADD_INDEX_ENTRIES;BAS_WRITE_INDEX;BAS_ADDING_KEYWORDS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`PRO_SPECIFY_SEP_CHAR;PRO_ADD_INDEX_ENTRIES;BAS_WRITE_INDEX;BAS_ADDING_KEYWORDS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0099}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To add a topic to a browse sequence}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_ADD_BROWSE_CODE}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_ADD_BROWSE_CODE;PRO_TOPIC}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} + (plus sign) footnotes;adding;adding, browse sequences;adding, footnotes to topics;browse sequences;footnotes;footnotes, adding to topics;footnotes, browse sequence footnote;footnotes, plus sign (+);plus sign ($) footnote;topics,;topics, adding footnotes to;topics, adding to a browse sequence}
\b To add a topic to a browse sequence
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab At the beginning of the topic that you want to include in a \ul browse sequence,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1SRKR1R} insert a plus sign (+) as a footnote mark.
\par 2\tab Type a \ul browse code\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 6KLNWH} as the footnote text. Observe the following restrictions:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li455\ri125\fi-155\tx455 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Do not use reserved characters (# = + @ * % !) or spaces.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Use no more than 50 characters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx455 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab To use browse sequences, you must also activate the browse buttons in the project file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab WinHelp creates an auto-browse sequence for topics to which you have added a browse footnote (+) but for which you have specified no browse code.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Tips
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab  When using numbers in browse codes, include placeholding zeros (001, 002, 003, and so on).
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab To make it easier to add topics later, use the same name, but no numbers for each browse footnote in a sequence. Help Workshop will arrange your browse sequence in which the order that the topics appear. To change the browse sequence, simply change the order in which topics appear in your .rtf file.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If your Help file has only one browse sequence, use "auto" as the browse code. Help Workshop automatically creates a browse sequence based on the order in which topics appear in your topic files.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`PRO_ADD_BROWSE_BUTTONS;BrowseButtons;BAS_ADDING_BROWSE_CODE;browse_seq')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`PRO_ADD_BROWSE_BUTTONS;BrowseButtons;BAS_ADDING_BROWSE_CODE;browse_seq')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:009a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To mark a topic so you can exclude or include it in a Help file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_INSERT_BUILD_TAG}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_INSERT_BUILD_TAG;PRO_TOPIC}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} * (asterisk) footnotes;adding;adding, footnotes to topics;asterisk (*) footnote;build tags;build tags, adding to topics;footnotes;footnotes, adding to topics;footnotes, asterisk (*);footnotes, build tag footnote;topics,;topics, adding footnotes to;topics, marking to exclude or include}
\b To mark a topic so you can exclude or include it in a Help file
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab Place the insertion point at the beginning of the topic, ahead of any other footnote marks.
\par 2\tab Insert an asterisk (*) as a footnote mark.
\par 3\tab Type one or more \ul build tags\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12MF62E} as the corresponding footnote text. Separate build tags with a semicolon.
\par 4\tab In your project (.hpj) file, make sure you have specified which topics to include in a build. For more information, click Related Topics.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab Build tags are not case sensitive.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Topics without build tags are always included in a build, as are all topics that are not expressly excluded from a build in your project file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`PRO_HPJ_BUILD_TAGS;BAS_SPECIFY_BUILD;BUILD;BUILDTAGS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`PRO_HPJ_BUILD_TAGS;BAS_SPECIFY_BUILD;BUILD;BUILDTAGS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:009b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To specify the type of window to display a topic in}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_ADD_WINDOW_TYPE}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_ADD_WINDOW_TYPE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} > (greater-than sign);> (greater-than sign), footnote;adding;adding, footnotes to topics;footnotes;footnotes, adding to topics;footnotes, greater-than sign (>);footnotes, window type footnote;greater-than sign (>);greater-than sign (>), footnote;topics,;topics, adding footnotes to;topics, specifying window type for;window types;windows,;windows, specifying type}
\b To specify the type of window to display a topic in
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab Place the insertion point at the beginning of the topic.
\par 2\tab Insert a greater-than sign (>) as a footnote mark.
\par 3\tab Type the name of the window type, as defined in your project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab This footnote specifies the window type a topic will appear in when the topic is opened from the Index or Find tab, or from an \ul ALink\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7V8V.U} or \ul KLink\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1R9H33X} macro.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Window types must be defined in your project file. For more information, click Related Topics.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADD_WINDOW_TYPE;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADD_WINDOW_TYPE;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:009c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To specify a macro to run when a topic is opened}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_ADD_MACRO_COMMAND}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_ADD_MACRO_COMMAND;PRO_TOPIC}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ! (exclamation point);! (exclamation point), footnote;adding;adding, footnotes to topics;entry macros;exclamation point (!);exclamation point (!), footnote;footnotes;footnotes, adding to topics;footnotes, entry macro footnote;footnotes, exclamation point (!);macros,;macros, entry macros;macros, running when a topic is opened;running macros;topics,;topics, adding footnotes to;topics, specifying entry macros for}
\b To specify a macro to run when a topic is opened
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab Place the insertion point at the beginning of the topic in which you want the \ul entry macro\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2BTJW15} to run. 
\par 2\tab Insert an exclamation point (!) as a footnote mark. 
\par 3\tab Type the entry macro commands as the corresponding footnote text. Observe the following restrictions:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li455\ri125\fi-155\tx455 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Separate macros with a semicolon
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Do not use carriage returns
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:009d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To add a nonscrolling region to a topic}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_NONSCROLL}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_NONSCROLL;PRO_TOPIC}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adding;adding, nonscrolling regions to topics;Help topics,;Help topics, nonscrolling regions in;nonscrolling regions;pop-up windows;pop-up windows, avoiding nonscrolling regions in;topics,;topics, adding nonscrolling regions to}
\b To add a nonscrolling region to a topic
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab Make sure that the paragraph or paragraphs you want to be in the \ul nonscrolling region\plain\f1\fs16 {\v _B12QW} are at the top of the topic. 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Apply the Keep With Next paragraph style (or equivalent) to the paragraphs.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab Users can select (for copying or printing purposes) either the scrolling region or the nonscrolling region of a topic, but not both. However, both scrolling and nonscrolling regions are copied when users click a topic using their right mouse button, and then click Copy.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Do not add nonscrolling regions to topics that will be displayed in pop-up windows.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You can specify different background colors for nonscrolling and scrolling regions by opening your project (.hpj) file in Help Workshop, clicking the Windows button, and then clicking the Color tab.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If you use a transparent bitmap in both the scrolling region and the non-scrolling region of the same topic, the transparent area of both bitmaps is displayed using the background color of the scrolling region.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:009e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To prevent a line of text from wrapping}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_NON_WRAP}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_NON_WRAP;PRO_TOPIC}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} line wrap, preventing;text,;text, preventing word wrap;word wrap, preventing;wrapping text, preventing}
\b To prevent a line of text from wrapping
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab Place the insertion point anywhere in the line that you do not want to wrap.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Apply the Keep Lines Together paragraph style (or equivalent). 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab If the text of the paragraph is too wide for the window, WinHelp adds a horizontal scroll bar.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ALPG0Y}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The title footnote specifies the title of the topic as it appears in the Topics Found dialog box, the Bookmark dialog box, the History window, and the Find tab.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0078}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Topic footnotes}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BAS_TOPIC_FOOTNOTE}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_TOPIC_FOOTNOTE;TOPIC}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ! (exclamation point);! (exclamation point), footnote;# (number sign) footnotes;$ (dollar sign) footnotes;* (asterisk) footnotes;+ (plus sign) footnotes;> (greater-than sign);> (greater-than sign), footnote;A-footnotes;asterisk (*) footnote;dollar sign ($) footnote;exclamation point (!);exclamation point (!), footnote;footnotes;footnotes, about topic footnotes;footnotes, A-footnote;footnotes, asterisk (*);footnotes, browse sequence footnote;footnotes, build tag footnote;footnotes, dollar sign ($);footnotes, entry macro footnote;footnotes, exclamation point (!);footnotes, greater-than sign (>);footnotes, K-footnote;footnotes, multi-index keyword footnote;footnotes, number sign (#);footnotes, plus sign (+);footnotes, title footnote;footnotes, topic ID footnote;footnotes, window type footnote;greater-than sign (>);greater-than sign (>), footnote;K-footnotes;number sign (#) footnote;plus sign ($) footnote;title footnotes;topic footnotes;topic IDs;topic title footnotes}
\b Topic footnotes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Instructions and commands specific to a topic are inserted as footnote text for that topic. Each footnote is identified by a custom footnote mark, as shown in the following table:
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1435\cellx2695\cellx6355\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b \line
Parameter\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\qc\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Footnote mark\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \line
Purpose\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1435\cellx2695\cellx6355\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 Topic ID\plain\f1\fs16 {\v PRO_ADD_TOPIC_ID}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\qc\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 pound sign (#)\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 Defines a unique identifier for a topic. This footnote is required for every topic.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1435\cellx2695\cellx6355\pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \uldb Title\plain\f1\fs16 {\v PRO_ADD_TITLE}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\qc\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 dollar sign ($)\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 Specifies the title of the topic as it appears in the Topics Found dialog box, the Bookmark dialog box, and the History window.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1435\cellx2695\cellx6355\pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \uldb Keyword\plain\f1\fs16 {\v PRO_ADD_KEYWORD}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\qc\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 K\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 Specifies words used in the index and in \ul KLink macros.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1R9H33X}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1435\cellx2695\cellx6355\pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \uldb A-Keyword\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 25J8VDH}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\qc\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 A\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 Specifies words that identify the topic to \ul ALink macros.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7V8V.U}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1435\cellx2695\cellx6355\pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \uldb Browse Code\plain\f1\fs16 {\v PRO_ADD_BROWSE_CODE}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\qc\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 plus sign (+)\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 Defines topic's place in a \ul browse sequence.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1SRKR1R}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1435\cellx2695\cellx6355\pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \uldb Entry Macro\plain\f1\fs16 {\v PRO_ADD_MACRO_COMMAND}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\qc\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 exclamation point (!)\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 Specifies a macro that runs when the user opens the topic.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1435\cellx2695\cellx6355\pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \uldb Build tag\plain\f1\fs16 {\v PRO_INSERT_BUILD_TAG}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\qc\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 asterisk (*)\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 Identifies topics for conditional \ul builds.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12MF62E}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1435\cellx2695\cellx6355\pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \uldb Window type\plain\f1\fs16 {\v PRO_ADD_WINDOW_TYPE}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\qc\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 greater than sign (>)\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 \pard\intbl\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125 Specifies a default window type for the topic.\cell\intbl\row
\pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab Only the \ul topic ID\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7.61TY} footnote (#) is mandatory. Include the others only if you want the functionality they offer.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0079}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Topic keywords}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BAS_ADDING_KEYWORDS}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_ADDING_KEYWORDS;TOPIC}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} A-keywords;index,;index, multi-index keywords;keywords;keywords, about topic keywords;keywords, adding multi-index keywords to a topic;K-keywords;multi-index keywords;topic keywords}
\b Topic keywords
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Topic keywords are words or phrases associated with a topic, usually for indexing purposes. The same topic keyword may be associated with more than one topic. You assign keywords to a topic in topic \ul footnotes.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v .NSQ_T}
\par There are three kinds of keywords:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Keywords specified by a K-footnote appear on the Index tab. K-keywords are also used by the \ul KLink macro.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1R9H33X}
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Keywords specified by an A-footnote do not appear in the Index tab, but are used by the \ul ALink macro.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7V8V.U}
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab In addition to K- and A-keywords, you can assign \ul multi-index keywords,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2MZ3DCP} using any of the remaining uppercase and lowercase letters of the alphabet. Each of these is used to create a separate index. This index can be searched only when Help is called from a program.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_TOPIC_FOOTNOTE;BAS_WRITE_INDEX;BAS_ADDING_ALINK_KEYWORD;BAS_ADD_MULT_KEYWORD')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_TOPIC_FOOTNOTE;BAS_WRITE_INDEX;BAS_ADDING_ALINK_KEYWORD;BAS_ADD_MULT_KEYWORD')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:007a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Browse sequences}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BAS_ADDING_BROWSE_CODE}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_ADDING_BROWSE_CODE;TOPIC}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} browse sequences;Help files;Help files, browse sequence;Help topics,;Help topics, browse sequence}
\b Browse sequences
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 A browse sequence is the order in which topics appear when users click the \ul browse buttons\plain\f1\fs16 {\v MFKK8E} in a Help window.
\par A Help file can have a single \ul browse sequence\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1SRKR1R} or several smaller browse sequences. Each browse sequence is self-contained, and users cannot move from one browse sequence to another by using the browse buttons.
\par To specify a browse sequence, you must first add browse buttons to the project (.hpj) file, and then assign plus sign (+) \ul footnotes\plain\f1\fs16 {\v .NSQ_T} containing browse sequence codes to the topics that you want to include in the sequence.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab If your Help file has only one browse sequence, use "auto" as the browse footnote. Help Workshop will automatically create a browse sequence based on the order in which topics appear in your topic (.rtf) files.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_TOPIC_FOOTNOTE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_TOPIC_FOOTNOTE')}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Creating Help topics}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1JQ9RMK}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} creating;creating, topics;files,;files, .rtf;files, about topic files;Help topics,;Help topics, about topics;Help topics, creating;rich-text format;RTF files;topic files;topic files, about topic files and topics;topics,;topics, about Help topics;topics, creating}
\b Creating Help topics
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The Help topic is the basic unit of information in a Help file. Topics can range in size from short examples containing a single picture or word to lengthy explanations involving several graphics and hundreds of words.
\par A topic contains one or more of the following components:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Informational material. This is usually text, but can be graphics or multimedia.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Hotspots. These are textual or graphical elements that users can click to jump to other topics or to run macros.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Footnotes. These provide instructions to Help Workshop regarding the topic's unique \ul topic ID,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7.61TY} the title that will appear in the Topics Found dialog box, \ul keywords\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 9ML77Q} that will appear in the index, the position of a topic in a \ul browse sequence,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1SRKR1R} the topic's inclusion in or exclusion from a Help file, and the type of window in which you want the topic to appear.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Topics are stored in topic files and saved in rich-text format (.rtf), one topic to a page. You can have any number of topics per topic file, and any number of topic files per Help file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`POPUP_TOPICS_DESIGN;3X_CONTENTS_DESIGN;TOPICS_DESIGN;BAS_OVERVIEW;BAS_CREATE_TOPIC_FILE;BAS_TOPIC_FOOTNOTE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`POPUP_TOPICS_DESIGN;3X_CONTENTS_DESIGN;TOPICS_DESIGN;BAS_OVERVIEW;BAS_CREATE_TOPIC_FILE;BAS_TOPIC_FOOTNOTE')}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} F8VA7G}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This is an example of a pop-up topic. Note that it appears near the hotspot you clicked, has no title, and is relatively brief. It disappears if you click anywhere on your screen or press any key.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 16AI3RX}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Context-sensitive Help is Help that a user can access within a dialog box of a program. Typically, the user does this by using the right mouse button to click an item in a dialog box, and then clicking What's This.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} B2WSBL}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Observe these restrictions when adding index keywords:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Separate keywords with a semicolon.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Spaces before and after keywords are removed.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Do not use carriage returns.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Use no more than 255 characters per keyword.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:009f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To create a new project file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_CREATE_HPJ}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_CREATE_HPJ;PRO_HPJ}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} creating;creating, project files;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, creating project files;project files;project files, creating}
\b To create a new project file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, click the File menu, and then click New.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Double-click Help Project.
\par 3\tab Type the name of the project (.hpj) file, and then click OK.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab When you create a project file, Help Workshop configures the minimum settings you need to create a Help file. Before you can compile, however, you must click the Files button and specify at least one .rtf file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;NEW_AUTHOR_HPJ')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;NEW_AUTHOR_HPJ')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00a0}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To suppress compiler messages}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_CONTROL_ERRORS}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_CONTROL_ERRORS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} compiler messages;compiler messages, suppressing;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, editing project files;Help Workshop, suppressing compiler messages;messages;messages, suppressing compiler messages;project files;project files, suppressing compiler messages}
\b To suppress compiler messages
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Options.
\par 3\tab To hide notes that appear while compiling, make sure the Notes check box is clear.
\par 4\tab To hide the progress report while compiling, make sure the Progress check box is clear.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00a1}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To specify the default topic for the Help file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_DEFAULT_TOPIC}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_DEFAULT_TOPIC}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} default topic;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, editing project files;project files;project files, specifying default topic;topics,;topics, default}
\b To specify the default topic for the Help file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Options.
\par 3\tab In the Default Topic box, type the topic ID of the topic you want to be the \ul default topic.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 32JI7C9}
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00a2}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To specify the title of a Help file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_TITLE}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_TITLE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help files;Help files, naming;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, editing project files;naming Help files;project files;project files, specifying Help file title;titles;titles, assigning to Help files}
\b To specify the title of a Help file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Options.
\par 3\tab In the Help Title box, type the title.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab The Help title can have up to 127 characters.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_HELP_TITLE;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_HELP_TITLE;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00a3}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To add copyright information}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_COPYRIGHT_INFO}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_COPYRIGHT_INFO}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} copyright information, adding;dialog boxes;dialog boxes, Version dialog box;Help files;Help files, copyright information;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, editing project files;project files;project files, specifying copyright information;Version dialog box}
\b To add copyright information
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Options.
\par 3\tab In the Copyright Information area, type the copyright information you want to display in the Version dialog box or when users paste or print Help text.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab You can specify up to 255 characters of copyright information for the Version dialog box. There is no limit to the number of characters you can specify for the copyright information that appears when users paste or print Help text.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If you add \b %date\plain\f1\fs16  at the end of the text you want to display in the Version dialog box, Help Workshop will substitute the current date whenever you compile the Help file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00a4}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To specify compression options}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_COMPRESSION}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_COMPRESSION}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} compression;Help files;Help files, compression options;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, editing project files;project files;project files, specifying compression options}
\b To specify compression options
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Options.
\par 3\tab Click the Compression tab, and then specify the compression settings you want.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Tips
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab For help on an item, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} at the top of the dialog box, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Help Workshop typically takes three times longer to compile a help file using maximum compression than it does to compile a file with no compression.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You can reduce compile time by temporarily turning off compression without affecting the compression setting in the project file. To do this, click the \ul Compile button,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 22T9EAQ} and then make sure the Turn Off Compression box is checked.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_COMPRESSION')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_COMPRESSION')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00a5}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To specify the language of a Help file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_SORT_SETTINGS}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_SORT_SETTINGS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help files;Help files, specifying language for;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, editing project files;languages;localizing;localizing, specifying language in project files;project files;project files, specifying language;sorting;translating;translating, specifying language in project files}
\b To specify the language of a Help file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Options.
\par 3\tab Click the Sorting tab, and then specify the language you want.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab By default, Help Workshop uses a language based on the regional setting specified in Control Panel.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If the version of Windows you are running does not support the language you specify, Help Workshop cannot compile the project file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_WRITE_INDEX;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_TRANSLATING')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_WRITE_INDEX;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_TRANSLATING')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00a6}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To change characters that identify second-level index entries}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_SPECIFY_SEP_CHAR}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_SPECIFY_SEP_CHAR}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help Workshop;Help Workshop, editing project files;index,;index, specifying the keyword separator;keywords;keywords, specifying a separator character;project files;project files, specifying index keyword separator;second-level index entries;separator for index keywords;topic keywords}
\b To change characters that identify second-level index entries
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Options.
\par 3\tab Click the Sorting tab.
\par 4\tab In the box for specifying characters for separating index entries, type one or more characters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125\tx265 \plain\f1\fs16 If you specify "@&%", the line "display; display@configuring; keyboard; keyboard&configuring; mouse;mouse%configuring; network, configuring" would appear this way in the index:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295\tx445 \tab display\line
\tab \tab configuring\line
\tab keyboard\line
\tab \tab configuring\line
\tab mouse\line
\tab \tab configuring\line
\tab network, configuring
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295\tx445 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab The default characters are a comma (,) and colon (:). Any characters you specify here will override these default characters.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_TRANSLATING')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_TRANSLATING')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00a7}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To save compiler messages to a file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_ERRORLOG}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_ERRORLOG}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} compiler messages;compiler messages, saving in a log file;error handling;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, saving compiler messages;log file for compiler messages;messages;messages, saving compiler messages;project files;project files, specifying log files;saving compiler messages}
\b To save compiler messages to a file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Options.
\par 3\tab Click the Files tab.
\par 4\tab In the Log File box, type the name of the file. If you want the file to be saved in a folder other than the project folder, specify a path.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab Help Workshop can display up to 64K of messages in Windows\'a095 and 1\'a0MB of messages in Windows\'a0NT. You can save more messages than Help Workshop can display by specifying a log file, which you can open using any ASCII text editor.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You can suppress some of the messages Help Workshop displays. For more information, click Related Topics.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`PRO_HPJ_CONTROL_ERRORS;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER;PRO_HPJ_CONTROL_ERRORS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`PRO_HPJ_CONTROL_ERRORS;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER;PRO_HPJ_CONTROL_ERRORS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00a8}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To store DLL-related data files within the Help file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_ADD_DATA_FILES}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_ADD_DATA_FILES}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} data files, storing;DLL-related data files, storing;Help files;Help files, storing DLL-related data files in;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, adding or removing data files;project files;project files, adding or removing data files}
\b To store DLL-related data files within the Help file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Data Files.
\par 3\tab To select a data file, click Add.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab DLL data filenames are case sensitive. To retrieve a data file, Help uses the filename without the path.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab WinHelp provides callback functions for DLLs to enable a program or DLL to retrieve the appropriate data file from the Help file.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab To remove a data file, click it, and then click Remove.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAGGAGE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAGGAGE')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00a9}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To assign a contents file to a Help file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_SPECIFY_CNT_FILE}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_SPECIFY_CNT_FILE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contents files;contents files, assigning to a Help file;Help files;Help files, assigning contents file to;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, editing project files;project files;project files, specifying a contents file}
\b To assign a contents file to a Help file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Options.
\par 3\tab Click the Files tab.
\par 4\tab In the Contents File box, type the name of the contents (.cnt) file. 
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00aa}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To specify where to store temporary files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_TMP_DIR}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_TMP_DIR}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} folder for temporary files;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, editing project files;project files;project files, specifying a folder for temporary files;temporary files, specifying a folder for}
\b To specify where to store temporary files
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Options.
\par 3\tab Click the Files tab.
\par 4\tab In the TMP Folder box, type the name of the folder you want Help Workshop to use for temporary files.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab Help Workshop uses the folder you specify for temporary files instead of the folder specified by the TEMP environment variable.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Help Workshop rarely uses temporary files unless your Help file exceeds 8\'a0MB in size.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00ab}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To change the path to source files if you move your Help project}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_REPLACE_PATH}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_REPLACE_PATH}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help Workshop;Help Workshop, editing project files;path, specifying in project files;project files;project files, changing the path to source files}
\b To change the path to source files if you move your Help project
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Options.
\par 3\tab Click the Files tab.
\par 4\tab To specify a new path, click Edit.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab Substituting a path is unnecessary if all files have been specified using paths that are relative to the location of the project file. Help Workshop automatically uses relative paths when it adds filenames.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Substituting a path is useful when you move your entire Help project to a different drive or network location. Instead of manually changing all the file paths in your project file, you can quickly change them all here.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00ac}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To generate an index file for full-text search}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_FULLTEXT_INDEX}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_FULLTEXT_INDEX;PRO_HPJ}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} full-text search;full-text search, generating an index file for;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, editing project files;index file for full-text search;project files;project files, generating full-text search index file}
\b To generate an index file for full-text search
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Options.
\par 3\tab Click the FTS tab.
\par 4\tab Make sure Generate Full Text Search Index is checked, and then change other settings as needed.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab For help on an item, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} at the top of the dialog box, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab To generate a full-text search index file when compiling, Maximum compression or Hall compression must be checked on the Compression tab.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If you do not generate a full-text search index file, WinHelp prompts users to generate it when they first open your Help file and click the Find tab.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_FULLTEXT_INDEX')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_FULLTEXT_INDEX')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00ad}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To specify which topics to include in a build}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_BUILD_TAGS}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_BUILD_TAGS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} build tags;build tags, specifying in project file;compiling;compiling, specifying which topics to include;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, editing project files;project files;project files, specifying which topics to compile;topics,;topics, specifying which topics to compile}
\b To specify which topics to include in a build
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Options.
\par 3\tab Click the Build Tags tab.
\par 4\tab Add the tags for the topics you want to be included in your help file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab For help on an item, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} at the top of the dialog box, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Topics without \ul build tags\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12MF62E} are always included in builds. Topics with build tags are included only if they contain one or more of the build tags you specify on the Build Tags tab.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You create build tags by adding footnotes to topic (.rtf) files. For more information, click Related Topics.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If you specify a build tag in either the Include or Exclude section of the Build Tags tab, then Help Workshop will ignore any BUILD option that might have been specified.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`PRO_INSERT_BUILD_TAG;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_INSERTING_BUILD_TAG')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`PRO_INSERT_BUILD_TAG;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_INSERTING_BUILD_TAG')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00ae}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To change the font used in WinHelp dialog boxes}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_DEFAULT_FONT}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_FONT;PRO_HPJ_DEFAULT_FONT}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} fonts,;fonts, changing;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, editing project files;project files;project files, changing fonts}
\b To change the font used in WinHelp dialog boxes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Options.
\par 3\tab Click the Fonts tab.
\par 4\tab To change the font, click Change.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab If you choose a font that is not available on a user's computer, Windows will use the font that is its closest match.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Changing the font for WinHelp dialog boxes is useful if your Help file will be shipped to international markets unlocalized. For example, WinHelp is localized to use larger fonts in Far East versions. If you do not want large fonts used in WinHelp dialog boxes, you can specify your own.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_TRANSLATING')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_TRANSLATING')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00af}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To run two language versions of a Help file side by side}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HCW_SPLIT_SCREEN}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HCW;PRO_HCW_SPLIT_SCREEN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help files;Help files, testing two language versions;Test macro;Test macro, running different language versions;testing;testing, translated Help files}
\b To run two language versions of a Help file side by side
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab Start the original-language Help file and display any topic that is in a \ul main window.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v O8.Q2}
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Press CTRL+SHIFT+J.
\par 3\tab Type the following, and then click OK: 
\par \b \tab !Compare(\'93\plain\f1\fs16 filename.ext\b \'94)
\par \tab \plain\f1\fs16 For filename.ext, specify the name of the translated version of the Help file. Specify the path, if necessary, typing two backlashes in place of each one you would typically type.\b 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Note
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab For best results, temporarily rename your contents (.cnt) file for both Help files, and start the original-language Help file by typing the following in the command prompt:
\par \tab \b winhlp32 -g \plain\f1\fs16 filename.ext
\par \tab For filename.ext, type the name of the original-language Help file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If the translated version of the Help file was properly prepared, moving through one file (by using CTRL+SHIFT+RIGHT ARROW or CTRL+SHIFT+LEFT ARROW) updates both windows.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_TRANSLATING;Compare')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_TRANSLATING;Compare')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00b0}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To change every occurrence of a font used in a Help file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_FONT_MAPPING}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_FONT_MAPPING}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} fonts,;fonts, changing;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, editing project files;project files;project files, changing fonts}
\b To change every occurrence of a font used in a Help file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Options.
\par 3\tab Click the Fonts tab.
\par 4\tab Click Add, and then specify the settings you want.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab For help on an item, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} at the top of the dialog box, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab This procedure enables you to change the fonts used in a Help file without having to reformat the text in every topic (.rtf) file. There is no limit to the number of fonts you can replace.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_FONTS;NEW_FONT_HANDLING;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_FONTS;NEW_FONT_HANDLING;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00b1}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To specify topic files for a Help file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_RTF_FILES}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_RTF_FILES}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adding;adding, topic files to project files;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, adding or removing topic files;Help Workshop, adding topic files to project files;Help Workshop, editing project files;project files;project files, specifying topic files;topic files;topic files, adding to a project file;topic files, removing from a project file}
\b To specify topic files for a Help file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Files.
\par 3\tab To add a file, click Add.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Tip
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab To remove a topic (.rtf) file, click it, and then click Remove.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00b2}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To define a secondary window}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} creating;creating, secondary windows;defining secondary windows;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, defining windows;project files;project files, defining secondary windows;secondary windows;secondary windows, defining;windows,;windows, secondary}
\b To define a secondary window
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click the Windows button.
\par 3\tab Click Add.
\par 4\tab Type the name of the \ul secondary window.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2ZK4PT} Do not type \b main\plain\f1\fs16  as the name of the window.
\par 5\tab In the list, click the name of the standard window you want to base the secondary window on.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab For help on an item, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} at the top of the dialog box, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You can define up to 255 secondary windows.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You can define a default window for an entire Help file or for individual topics. For more information, click Related Topics.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`PRO_CNT_DEFAULT_HELP_FILE;PRO_ADD_WINDOW_TYPE;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`PRO_CNT_DEFAULT_HELP_FILE;PRO_ADD_WINDOW_TYPE;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00b3}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To customize the main Help window}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} customizing;customizing, Help windows;Help windows;Help windows, customizing;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, customizing the main Help window;project files;project files, customizing the main Help window;topic windows, customizing;windows,;windows, customizing}
\b To customize the main Help window
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click the Windows button.
\par 3\tab Click Add.
\par 4\tab Type the following, and then click OK:
\par \tab \b main\plain\f1\fs16 
\par 5\tab Click the various tabs to specify the settings you want.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab For help on an item, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} at the top of the dialog box, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00b4}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To add browse buttons to a window}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_ADD_BROWSE_BUTTONS}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_ADD_BROWSE_BUTTONS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adding;adding, browse buttons;browse buttons;browse buttons, adding to window;buttons,;buttons, adding browse buttons;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, defining windows;project files;project files, adding browse buttons;windows,;windows, adding browse buttons to}
\b To add browse buttons to a window
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click the Windows button.
\par 3\tab Click the Buttons tab.
\par 4\tab In the Window Type list, click the window type.
\par 5\tab In the Buttons area, make sure Browse is checked.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;BAS_ADDING_BROWSE_CODE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;BAS_ADDING_BROWSE_CODE')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00b5}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To specify a title for a window}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_ADD_WINDOW_TITLE}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_ADD_WINDOW_TITLE;PRO_HPJ}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help Workshop;Help Workshop, defining windows;project files;project files, specifying window titles;secondary windows;secondary windows, title, specifying;titles;titles, specifying for a window;window title, specifying;windows,;windows, title, specifying}
\b To specify a title for a window
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click the Windows button.
\par 3\tab In the Window Type list, click the window type.
\par 4\tab In the Title Bar Text box, type the title.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab The title appears in the window's title bar and on its taskbar button.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If a secondary window does not have a title, but the contents (.cnt) file for the Help file specifies a title, the title from the contents file is used. If neither the secondary window nor the contents file specify a title, no text appears in the title bar.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_HELP_TITLE;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_HELP_TITLE;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00b6}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To make a window stay on top by default}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_STAY_ON_TOP}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_STAY_ON_TOP}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help windows;Help windows, on-top state;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, defining windows;Keep Help On Top option;on-top state;project files;project files, making windows stay on top;secondary windows;secondary windows, on-top state;stay on top;windows,;windows, on-top state}
\b To make a window stay on top by default
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click the Windows button.
\par 3\tab In the Window Type list, click the window type.
\par 4\tab In the Window Attributes area, make sure Keep Help Window On Top is checked.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab Users can change this setting by clicking the Help window using their right mouse button, and then pointing to Keep Help On Top.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00b7}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To specify the size and position of a window}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_WINDOW_POSITION}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_WINDOW_POSITION}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} auto-sizing windows;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, defining windows;position of window, specifying;project files;project files, specifying window size and position;secondary windows;secondary windows, auto-sizing;secondary windows, size and position, specifying;size of window, specifying;windows,;windows, auto-sizing;windows, position, specifying;windows, size, specifying}
\b To specify the size and position of a window
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click the Windows button.
\par 3\tab Click the Position tab.
\par 4\tab In the Window Type list, click the window type.
\par 5\tab To set the size and position of the window, click Auto-Sizer.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab If you want WinHelp to determine the position of a window, click Default Positions.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If you want to set the size and position manually, type the settings in the Left, Top, Width, and Height boxes.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If you want to automatically size the secondary window to the length of the topic, click the General tab, and then make sure Auto-Size Height is checked. (This feature is not available for the main Help window.)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00b8}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To specify background colors for a window}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_BACKGROUND_COLOR}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_BACKGROUND_COLOR}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} background color;background color, setting for a window;colors;colors, setting background colors for windows;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, defining windows;project files;project files, specifying background colors;secondary windows;secondary windows, background color;windows,;windows, background color}
\b To specify background colors for a window
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click the Windows button.
\par 3\tab Click the Color tab.
\par 4\tab In the Window Type list, click the window type.
\par 5\tab To select colors for the nonscrolling and scrolling regions, click the Change buttons.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab The background color you specify can be overridden if users change their window or window text colors in Display properties or if users click a topic using their right mouse button, and then click Use System Colors.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If you use a transparent bitmap in both the scrolling region and the non-scrolling region of the same topic, the transparent area of both bitmaps is displayed using the background color of the scrolling region.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00b9}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To add buttons to a secondary window}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_ADD_BUTTON_BAR}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_ADD_BUTTON_BAR}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adding;adding, buttons to windows;button bar;button bar, adding buttons to;button bar, clearing;buttons,;buttons, adding to secondary windows;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, defining windows;project files;project files, adding buttons to windows;secondary windows;secondary windows, adding buttons to;windows,;windows, adding buttons}
\b To add buttons to a secondary window
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click the Windows button.
\par 3\tab Click the Buttons tab.
\par 4\tab In the Window Type list, click the window type.
\par 5\tab In the Buttons area, make sure the buttons you want to appear in the window are checked.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Tips
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab If you do not want a button bar, make sure all the button types in the Buttons area are cleared.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You can add custom buttons by clicking the Macros tab and adding CreateButton macros. You cannot add custom buttons unless you have used at least one standard WinHelp button.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;CreateButton')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;CreateButton')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00ba}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To add buttons to the main Help window}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_MAIN_BUTTON_BAR}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_MAIN_BUTTON_BAR}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adding;adding, buttons to windows;button bar;button bar, adding buttons to;button bar, clearing;buttons,;buttons, adding to the main Help window;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, customizing the main Help window;project files;project files, adding buttons to windows;windows,;windows, adding buttons}
\b To add buttons to the main Help window
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click the Windows button.
\par 3\tab If "main" appears in the Window Type list, click it. 
\par \tab If "main" does not appear in the list, click Add, type the following, and then click OK:
\par \b \tab main\plain\f1\fs16 
\par 4\tab Click the Buttons tab.
\par 5\tab In the Buttons area, make sure the buttons you want to appear in the window are checked.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab If you do not want a button bar, make sure all the button types in the Buttons area are cleared.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00bb}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To run a macro when a window is opened}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_WINDOW_CONFIG_MACROS}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_WINDOW_CONFIG_MACROS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help Workshop;Help Workshop, specifying macros;macros,;macros, running when a window is opened;project files;project files, specifying macros in;running macros;windows,;windows, assigning macros to}
\b To run a macro when a window is opened
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click the Windows button.
\par 3\tab Click the Macros tab.
\par 4\tab In the Window Type list, click the window type.
\par 5\tab Click Add, and then specify the macro you want to run. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab To remove a macro, click it, and then click Remove.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab To specify macros that run when the Help file is opened, open your project file, and then click the Config button.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:007b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To run a macro when an index entry is clicked}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_KEYWORD_MACRO}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_KEYWORD_MACRO}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help Workshop;Help Workshop, specifying macros;index,;index, running macros from;keywords;keywords, adding to project files;keywords, macro-linked;macro keywords, adding to project files;macros,;macros, running when an index entry is clicked;project files;project files, adding keywords to;project files, specifying macros in;running macros}
\b To run a macro when an index entry is clicked
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Options, and then click the Macros tab.
\par 3\tab Click Add, and then specify the settings you want.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab For help on an item, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} at the top of the dialog box, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Running a macro when users click an index entry is useful for starting a wizard, a series of training cards, or a DLL.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The keywords you assign here will appear in the index regardless of whether they are specified as K-footnotes in topics.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The title you specify will appear only if users double-click a keyword that is linked to a macro and to one or more topics. In this case, clicking the title in the Topics Found dialog box starts the macro.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00bc}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To specify the location of bitmap files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_BITMAP_LOCATION}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_BITMAP_LOCATION}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} bitmaps,;bitmaps, specifying file location;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, specifying bitmap location;project files;project files, specifying bitmap file location}
\b To specify the location of bitmap files
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Bitmaps.
\par 3\tab Click Add, and then specify the folder that contains the bitmaps.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Tips
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab By default, Help Workshop looks for bitmaps in the same folder as your project file and the current topic (.rtf) file, and any folders specified for topic files.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab To remove a folder, click it, and then click Remove.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00bd}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To enable a program to display an individual Help topic}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_ADD_MAP}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_ADD_MAP}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} context-sensitive Help;context-sensitive Help, mapping topic IDs;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, mapping topic IDs;mapping topic IDs;project files;project files, mapping topic IDs;topic IDs;topic IDs, mapping}
\b To enable a program to display an individual Help topic
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Map.
\par 3\tab If you want to add an individual topic, click Add.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 If you want to include a C header file, click Include.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab When assigning topic IDs to context-sensitive Help topics, make sure the first four characters in the ID are IDH_. Help Workshop recognizes that topic IDs beginning with these characters are ones that a program will call. While compiling, Help Workshop displays a list of any topic IDs that are in your topic (.rtf) files, but have not been mapped to numeric values. Help Workshop also lists IDs that have been mapped to numeric values, but are not in your topic files. Using the IDH_ naming convention will help you find and resolve problems in your context-sensitive Help. If you want to use a prefix other than IDH_, specify it in the Map dialog box. 
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_ADD_MAP')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_ADD_MAP')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00be}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To alias one topic ID to another}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_ADD_ALIAS}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_ADD_ALIAS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adding;adding, aliases to project files;aliases, adding;aliasing topic IDs;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, aliasing topic IDs;jumps;jumps, redirecting by using aliases;project files;project files, aliasing topic IDs;topic IDs;topic IDs, aliasing}
\b To alias one topic ID to another
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Alias.
\par 3\tab Click Add, and then specify the settings you want.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Tips
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab For help on an item, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} at the top of the dialog box, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Aliases are an easy way to redirect jumps to topics without changing every instance of a jump throughout the Help file.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Aliases are also useful where you've made a change that causes a mapped numeric value to refer to a topic other than the one you intended. An alias enables you to display the intended topic in the Help file without changing the code in the program.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00bf}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To run a macro when a Help file is opened}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_CONFIG_MACRO}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HPJ;PRO_HPJ_CONFIG_MACRO}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} configuration macros;Help files;Help files, adding configuration macros;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, specifying macros;macros,;macros, running when a Help file is opened;project files;project files, specifying macros in;running macros}
\b To run a macro when a Help file is opened
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click Config.
\par 3\tab Click Add, and then specify the settings you want.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Tips
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab To remove a macro, click it, and then click Remove.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You can also assign a macro to run every time a particular window type opens, or any time a specific topic is displayed. For more information, click Related Topics.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;MACRO_REF_OVR;PRO_HPJ_WINDOW_CONFIG_MACROS;PRO_ADD_MACRO_COMMAND')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;MACRO_REF_OVR;PRO_HPJ_WINDOW_CONFIG_MACROS;PRO_ADD_MACRO_COMMAND')}\page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 22T9EAQ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The Compile button looks like this:
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\li115\ri125 \{bmc bm12.bmp\} 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00c0}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To create a contents file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_CNT_CREATE}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_CNT;PRO_CNT_CREATE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contents files;contents files, creating;Contents tab;Contents tab, creating entries for;creating;creating, contents files}
\b To create a contents file
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, click the File menu, and then click New.
\par 2\tab Double-click Help Contents.
\par 3\tab In the Default Filename box, type the Help filename that most of your topics are in. 
\par 4\tab In the Default Title box, type the text you want to appear in the title bar of the Help Topics dialog box. This text also appears in title bars that do not have a title specified in the [WINDOWS] section of the project file.
\par 5\tab Click Add Above or Add below to add the headings and topics that you want to display on the Contents tab.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 6\tab If you want to include the keywords of several files on the Index tab, click Index Files and specify the files you want to include.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;PRO_ADD_MULT_KEYWORDS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;PRO_ADD_MULT_KEYWORDS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00c1}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To specify a default window in which to display topics}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_CNT_DEFAULT_HELP_FILE}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_CNT;PRO_CNT_DEFAULT_HELP_FILE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contents files;contents files, specifying a default window;default window;topic windows;topic windows, default window type, specifying;window types;windows,;windows, default type, specifying}
\b To specify a default window in which to display topics
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open your contents (.cnt) file.
\par 2\tab Click the Edit button in the upper right corner of the Help Workshop window.
\par 3\tab In the Default Window box, specify the window type.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\tab \f1 Topics appear in the default window when users open them from the Index and Find tabs, unless a different window is specified for a topic by a window-type footnote (>). Topics also appear in the default window when users open them from the Contents tab, unless the contents entry includes a file or window type specification.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\tab \f1 If a default window is not specified, topics appear in the main Help window.
\par \f2 \'b7\tab \f1 The window type you specify must be defined in your project (.hpj) file. For more information, click Related topics.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-115\li295\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00c2}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To include additional contents files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_CNT_DYN}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_CNT;PRO_CNT_DYN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} combining multiple Help files;contents files;contents files, including additional contents files in;Contents tab;Contents tab, adding sections from multiple Help files;default Help file;including additional contents files;linking multiple Help files;merging multiple Help files}
\b To include additional contents files
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab Open the main contents file, and then click the place where you want the information in the second contents file to appear.
\par 2\tab Click Add Above or Add Below, and then click Include.
\par 3\tab Type the name of the contents file that you want to include.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\tab \f1 If the included contents file is not available when WinHelp initializes the Help file, the included file will be not appear on the Contents tab.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\tab \f1 A default Help filename specified in the included contents file affects only the included file, not the main contents file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_COMBINE_HLP_FILES;BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CNT_COMBINE_HLP_FILES;BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00c3}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To add headings to the Contents tab}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_CNT_ADD_BOOK}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_CNT;PRO_CNT_ADD_BOOK}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} books;books, adding to the Contents tab;contents files;contents files, adding headings to the Contents tab;Contents tab;Contents tab, adding headings to;headings;headings, adding to the Contents tab}
\b To add headings to the Contents tab
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the contents (.cnt) file.
\par 2\tab Click the item above or below which you want to add a heading, and then click Add Above or Add Below.
\par 3\tab Click Heading, and then type the heading in the Title box.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\tab \f1 You can assign up to nine levels of headings and topics by using the Move Right and Move Left buttons.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;PRO_CNT_ADD_TOPIC')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;PRO_CNT_ADD_TOPIC')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00c4}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To add topics to the Contents tab}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_CNT_ADD_TOPIC}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_CNT;PRO_CNT_ADD_TOPIC}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contents files;contents files, adding topics to the Contents tab;Contents tab;Contents tab, adding topics to;topic IDs;topic IDs, adding to contents files;topics,;topics, adding to the Contents tab}
\b To add topics to the Contents tab
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the contents (.cnt) file.
\par 2\tab Click the item above or below which you want to add a topic, and then click Add Above or Add Below.
\par 3\tab Click Topic, and then type a title in the Title box.
\par 4\tab In the Topic ID box, type the topic ID.
\par 5\tab If the topic is not in the default Help file, type the name of the file that contains the topic in the Help File box.
\par 6\tab If you want to display the topic in a window type other than the default window, specify the window in the Window Type box. The window you specify must be defined in the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\tab \f1 If you do not specify information in the Help File, WinHelp searches the default Help file for the topic. If you do not specify information in the Window Type box, WinHelp displays the topic in the window type specified in the default Help file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\tab \f1 You can assign a macro to a topic instead of a topic ID. In the Topic ID box, type an exclamation point (!) followed by the macro. To separate multiple macros, use colons (:).
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;PRO_CNT_ADD_BOOK')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;PRO_CNT_ADD_BOOK')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00c5}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To change the level of a heading or topic}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_CHG_HDG_LEVEL}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_CHG_HDG_LEVEL;PRO_CNT}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contents files;contents files, changing heading levels;Contents tab;Contents tab, reorganizing topics;headings;headings, changing levels in table of contents}
\b To change the level of a heading or topic
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the contents (.cnt) file.
\par 2\tab Click the heading whose level you want to change.
\par 3\tab Click the Move Right or Move Left button. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\tab \f1 When a heading is indented to the left or right, its topics and subheadings move with it.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00c6}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To combine keywords from several Help files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_CNT_COMBINE_HELP_FILES}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_CNT;PRO_CNT_COMBINE_HELP_FILES}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} combined index;combining multiple Help files;contents files;contents files, specifying indexes to be combined;index,;index, combining keywords from multiple Help files;keywords;keywords, combining from multiple Help files;linking multiple Help files;merging multiple Help files}
\b To combine keywords from several Help files
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the contents (.cnt) file.
\par 2\tab Click the Index Files button.
\par 3\tab Click Add.
\par 4\tab In the Help Title box, type the title of the Help file. The title will appear if users choose Custom in the Find Setup Wizard. It also appears in the Topics Found dialog box if WinHelp finds identical topic titles in different Help files.
\par 5\tab In the Help Filename box, type the name of the Help file whose keywords you want to add to your index.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab All Help files included in the index are automatically searched when an \ul ALink\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7V8V.U} or \ul KLink\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7V8V.U} macro is run.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;BAS_CNT_COMBINE_HLP_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;BAS_CNT_COMBINE_HLP_FILES")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00c7}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To enable ALink and KLink jumps to other Help files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_CNT_LINKS}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_CNT;PRO_CNT_LINKS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ALinks;ALinks, using with multiple Help files;combining multiple Help files;contents files;contents files, enabling ALink and KLink jumps;interfile jumps;jumps;jumps, to another Help file;KLinks;KLinks, using with multiple Help files;linking multiple Help files;merging multiple Help files}
\b To enable ALink and KLink jumps to other Help files
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the contents (.cnt) file.
\par 2\tab Click the Link Files button.
\par 3\tab Click Add, and then type the name of the Help file that you want to search when an \ul ALink\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7V8V.U} or \ul KLink\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7V8V.U} macro is run.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\tab \f1 You do not need add files that have already been included in the Index Files dialog box.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;BAS_CNT_COMBINE_HLP_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;BAS_CNT_COMBINE_HLP_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00c8}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To add another tab to the Help Topics dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_CNT_NEW_TAB}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_CNT;PRO_CNT_NEW_TAB}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adding;adding, tabs to the Help Topics dialog box;contents files;contents files, adding tabs to the Help Topics dialog box;customizing;customizing, Help Topics dialog box;dialog boxes;dialog boxes, Help Topics dialog box;Help Topics dialog box;Help Topics dialog box, adding tabs to;tabs;tabs, adding to the Help Topics dialog box}
\b To add another tab to the Help Topics dialog box
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, open the contents (.cnt) file.
\par 2\tab Click Tabs, and then click Add.
\par 3\tab In the Tab Name box, type the name you want to display on the tab.
\par 4\tab In the DLL Filename box, type the filename of the DLL that provides the dialog procedure to support the tab.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`new_tab;DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW;BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`new_tab;DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW;BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00c9}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To translate the contents file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_CNT_TRANSLATE}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_CNT;PRO_CNT_TRANSLATE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contents files;contents files, translating;localizing;localizing, contents files;translating;translating, contents files}
\b To translate the contents file
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, click the File menu, and then make sure Translation is checked.
\par 2\tab Open the contents (.cnt) file.
\par 3\tab Select a heading or topic you want to translate, and then click Edit.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\tab \f1 When the translation command is checked, you can modify only the visible text that appears on the Contents tab. You cannot modify topic IDs, Help filenames, or window names.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;BAS_TRANSLATING')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;BAS_TRANSLATING')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00ca}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To compile a Help file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HPJ_COMPILE}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HCW;PRO_HPJ_COMPILE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} compiling;compiling, Help files;Help files;Help files, compiling;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, compiling Help files;project files;project files, compiling}
\b To compile a Help file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab If the project file is already open in Help Workshop, save the file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Click the \ul Compile button.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 22T9EAQ}
\par 3\tab In the Project File box, type the name and location of the project (.hpj) file you want to compile, and then click Compile.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Tips
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab You do not have to open a project file to compile it.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If a project file is open, you can click the Save And Compile button to compile the file.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab For information about the other settings in this dialog box, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} at the top of the dialog box, and then click the setting.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;EXEC_HCW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;EXEC_HCW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00cb}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To compile more than one Help file at a time}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_COMPILE_MANY_FILES}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_COMPILE_MANY_FILES;PRO_HCW}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} compiling;compiling, multiple Help files;files,;files, .hmk;Help files;Help files, compiling;hmk files;makefiles;project files;project files, compiling}
\b To compile more than one Help file at a time
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab Using a text editor, create an ASCII text file that lists the full path of each of your project files on a separate line. Specify the project files in the order in which you want Help Workshop to compile them.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Save the file using the filename extension .hmk.
\par 3\tab Open Help Workshop, and then click \ul Compile button.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 22T9EAQ}
\par 4\tab In the Project File box, type the name of your .hmk file, and then click Compile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;EXEC_HCW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;EXEC_HCW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00cc}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To view a Help file from Help Workshop}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_RUN_HELP}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HCW;PRO_RUN_HELP}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help files;Help files, viewing from Help Workshop;Help topics,;Help topics, viewing topics with mapped IDs;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, viewing Help files from;mapped topic IDs, viewing topics with;running Help files from Help Workshop;topic IDs;topic IDs, viewing topics with mapped IDs;topics,;topics, viewing topics with mapped IDs;viewing Help files from Help Workshop}
\b To view a Help file from Help Workshop
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab After you compile a Help file, click the \ul Run WinHelp\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2T4V0QE} button.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Specify the name of the Help file. 
\par 3\tab If you want to view topics whose IDs are mapped to numeric values in your project (.hpj) file, type the name and location of the project file and click Refresh.
\par 4\tab Click View Help.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00cd}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To test a contents file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_TEST_CNT}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HCW;PRO_TEST_CNT}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contents files;contents files, testing;Help files;Help files, testing;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, testing contents files;testing;testing, contents files}
\b To test a contents file
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, click the Test menu, and then click Contents File.
\par 2\tab Type the name of the contents (.cnt) file you want to test.
\par \tab Help Workshop checks your contents file to make sure that the syntax is correct. It then jumps to every topic specified in the contents file and displays a message if one of the jumps does not work.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab If your contents file includes other contents files, make sure they are available to be tested.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;PRO_HCW_CLOSE_ALL_HELP')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;PRO_HCW_CLOSE_ALL_HELP')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00ce}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To monitor WinHelp messages}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_TRACK_WINHELP_MSGS}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_TRACK_WINHELP_MSGS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} error handling;Help files;Help files, testing;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, monitoring WinHelp messages;messages;messages, monitoring WinHelp messages;monitoring WinHelp messages;testing;testing, monitoring WinHelp messages;viewing WinHelp messages;WinHelp messages}
\b To monitor WinHelp messages
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, click the View menu, and then click WinHelp Messages.
\par 2\tab Click the View menu again, and then click Message Options to specify what WinHelp messages you want to view.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_TESTING_HELP_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_TESTING_HELP_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00cf}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To close all instances of WinHelp}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_HCW_CLOSE_ALL_HELP}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_HCW;PRO_HCW_CLOSE_ALL_HELP}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} closing;closing, WinHelp;exiting WinHelp;Help files;Help files, testing;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, closing all instances of WinHelp;testing;testing, closing all instances of WinHelp;WinHelp,;WinHelp, closing}
\b To close all instances of WinHelp
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li355\ri125\fi-245\tx355 \plain\f1\fs16 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab In Help Workshop, click the Test menu, and then click Close All Help.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab This procedure is useful if you are testing Help files and run into problems because WinHelp is running in the background.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00d0}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To generate a report on a Help file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_GEN_REPORT}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_GEN_REPORT}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help files;Help files, generating a report for;Help files, testing;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, generating a report;Report command;reports, generating for Help files;testing;testing, generating report}
\b To generate a report on a Help file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, click the File menu, and then click Report.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab In the Help Filename box, type the path and name of the Help (.hlp) file.
\par 3\tab In the Output Filename box, type the path and name of the file in which you want to save the report.
\par 4\tab In the Display area, select the type of report you want, and then click Report.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab For help on an item, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} at the top of the dialog box, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_TESTING_HELP_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_TESTING_HELP_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00d1}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To simulate a program call to the WinHelp API}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_CALL_API}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_CALL_API}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help files;Help files, testing;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, simulating a WinHelp API call;testing;testing, simulating a WinHelp API call;WinHelp API call, testing}
\b To simulate a program call to the WinHelp API
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab In Help Workshop, click the Test menu, and then click WinHelp API. 
\par 2\tab In the Help File box, type the path and name of the Help file you want to test.
\par 3\tab In the Command list, click the command you want to send in the WinHelp API.
\par 4\tab In the box at the bottom of the dialog box, type the value you want to send.
\par 5\tab Click Call.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_TESTING_HELP_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_TESTING_HELP_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2T4V0QE}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The Run WinHelp button looks like this:
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\li115\ri125 \{bmc bm13.bmp\} 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:005d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Macro quick reference}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MACRO_REF_OVR}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} MACRO_REF_OVR}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macro quick reference;macros,;macros, quick reference;quick reference to macros;reference to macros}
\b\fs24 Macro quick reference
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following list organizes Help macros according to function and provides a quick overview of macros that you may want to use when you customize your Help file.
\par \uldb Button macros\plain\f1\fs16 {\v MACRO_REF_BUTTON>main}
\par \uldb Keyboard macros\plain\f1\fs16 {\v MACRO_REF_KEYBOARD>main}
\par \uldb Linking macros\plain\f1\fs16 {\v MACRO_REF_LINK>main}
\par \uldb Menu macros\plain\f1\fs16 {\v MACRO_REF_MENU>main}
\par \uldb Program macros\plain\f1\fs16 {\v MACRO_REF_PROGRAM>main}
\par \uldb Text-Marker macros\plain\f1\fs16 {\v MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER>main}
\par \uldb Window macros\plain\f1\fs16 {\v MACRO_REF_WINDOW>main}
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MACRO_OVERVIEW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MACRO_OVERVIEW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:005e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Button macros}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MACRO_REF_BUTTON}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} MACRO_REF_BUTTON}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} button macros;buttons,;buttons, macros for;macros,;macros, button}
\b\fs24 Button macros
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can use the following macros to access standard Help buttons, create new buttons, or modify button functionality. Macros that are new in WinHelp version 4.0 are noted with an asterisk.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2065\ri125\fi-1935\tx2065 \uldb Back\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Back>main}\tab Displays the topic that was previously displayed in the current window.
\par \uldb BrowseButtons\plain\f1\fs16 {\v BrowseButtons>main}\tab Adds browse buttons to the Help button bar.
\par \uldb ChangeButtonBinding\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ChangeButtonBinding>main}\tab Changes the macro assigned to a button on the button bar.
\par \uldb ChangeEnable*\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ChangeEnable>main}\tab Assigns a macro to a button on the button bar and enables that button.
\par \uldb Contents\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Contents>main}\tab Displays the Contents tab or default topic of the current Help file.
\par \uldb CreateButton\plain\f1\fs16 {\v CreateButton>main}\tab Creates a new button and adds it to the button bar.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2065\ri125\fi-1935\tx2065 \uldb DestroyButton\plain\f1\fs16 {\v DestroyButton>main}\tab Removes a button from the button bar.
\par \uldb DisableButton\plain\f1\fs16 {\v DisableButton>main}\tab Disables a button on the button bar.
\par \uldb EnableButton\plain\f1\fs16 {\v EnableButton>main}\tab Enables a button on the button bar.
\par \uldb Find*\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Find>main}\tab Displays the Find tab of the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \uldb Finder*\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Finder>main}\tab Displays the \ul Help Topics dialog box\plain\f1\fs16 {\v KMK38I} in its last state.
\par \uldb Menu*\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Menu>main}\tab Displays the \ul context menu,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v JNVVI2} which is typically accessed by using the right mouse button.
\par \uldb Next\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Next>main}\tab Displays the next topic in a browse sequence.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2065\ri125\fi-1935\tx2065 \uldb Prev\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Prev>main}\tab Displays the previous topic in a browse sequence.
\par \uldb Search\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Search>main}\tab Displays the Index tab of the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:005f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Menu macros}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MACRO_REF_MENU}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} MACRO_REF_MENU}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, menu;menu items;menu items, macros for;menu macros;menus;menus, macros for}
\b\fs24 Menu macros
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can use the following macros to create or modify menus and menu items.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1985\ri125\fi-1855\tx1975 \uldb AppendItem\plain\f1\fs16 {\v AppendItem>main}\tab Appends a menu item to the end of a menu.
\par \uldb ChangeItemBinding\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ChangeItemBinding>main}\tab Changes the macro assigned to a menu item.
\par \uldb CheckItem\plain\f1\fs16 {\v CheckItem>main}\tab Displays a check mark next to a menu item. 
\par \uldb DeleteItem\plain\f1\fs16 {\v DeleteItem>main}\tab Removes a menu item from a menu.
\par \uldb DisableItem\plain\f1\fs16 {\v DisableItem>main}\tab Disables a menu item.
\par \uldb EnableItem\plain\f1\fs16 {\v EnableItem>main}\tab Enables a disabled menu item.
\par \uldb ExtAbleItem\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ExtAbleItem>main}\tab Enables or disables a menu item.
\par \uldb ExtInsertItem\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ExtInsertItem>main}\tab Inserts a menu item at a given position on a menu, in a given state.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1985\ri125\fi-1855\tx1975 \uldb ExtInsertMenu\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ExtInsertMenu>main}\tab Inserts a submenu in a previously defined menu.
\par \uldb InsertItem\plain\f1\fs16 {\v InsertItem>main}\tab Inserts a menu item at a given position on a menu.
\par \uldb InsertMenu\plain\f1\fs16 {\v InsertMenu>main}\tab Adds a new menu to the Help menu bar.
\par \uldb ResetMenu\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ResetMenu>main}\tab Resets the Help menu bar and menus to their default states.
\par \uldb UncheckItem\plain\f1\fs16 {\v UncheckItem>main}\tab Removes a check mark from a menu item.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0060}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Linking macros}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MACRO_REF_LINK}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} MACRO_REF_LINK}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} jumps;jumps, macros for;linking topics;macros,;macros, linking}
\b\fs24 Linking macros
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can use the following macros to create hypertext links to specific Help topics. Macros that are new in WinHelp version 4.0 are noted with an asterisk.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1985\ri125\fi-1855\tx1975 \uldb ALink*\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ALink>main}\tab Jumps to the topics that contain the specified A-keyword.
\par \uldb JumpContents\plain\f1\fs16 {\v JumpContents>main}\tab Jumps to the contents topic of the specified Help file.
\par \uldb JumpContext\plain\f1\fs16 {\v JumpContext>main}\tab Jumps to the topic specified by a \ul context number.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2O07FH3}
\par \uldb JumpHash\plain\f1\fs16 {\v JumpHash>main}\tab Jumps to the topic specified by a \ul topic hash number.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v OYZM9}
\par \uldb JumpHelpOn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v JumpHelpOn>main}\tab Jumps to the contents topic of the How To Use Help file.
\par \uldb JumpId\plain\f1\fs16 {\v JumpId>main}\tab Jumps to the topic specified by a topic ID.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1985\ri125\fi-1855\tx1975 \uldb JumpKeyword\plain\f1\fs16 {\v JumpKeyword>main}\tab Jumps to the topic containing a specified K-keyword.
\par \uldb KLink*\plain\f1\fs16 {\v KLink>main}\tab Jumps to the topics that contain the specified K-keywords.
\par \uldb PopupContext\plain\f1\fs16 {\v PopupContext>main}\tab Displays in a pop-up window the topic specified by a context number.
\par \uldb PopupHash\plain\f1\fs16 {\v PopupHash>main}\tab Displays in a pop-up window the topic specified by a topic hash number.
\par \uldb PopupId\plain\f1\fs16 {\v PopupId>main}\tab Displays in a pop-up window the topic specified by a topic ID.
\par \uldb UpdateWindow*\plain\f1\fs16 {\v UpdateWindow>main}\tab Jumps to the specified topic in the specified window, and then returns the focus to the window that called the macro.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0061}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Window macros}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MACRO_REF_WINDOW}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} MACRO_REF_WINDOW}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help windows;Help windows, macros for;macros,;macros, window;window macros;windows,;windows, macros for}
\b\fs24 Window macros
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can use the following macros to control or modify the behavior of various Help windows. Macros that are new in WinHelp version 4.0 are noted with an asterisk.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1985\ri125\fi-1855\tx1975 \uldb CloseSecondarys*\plain\f1\fs16 {\v CloseSecondarys>main}\tab Closes all Help windows except the current secondary window.
\par \uldb CloseWindow\plain\f1\fs16 {\v CloseWindow>main}\tab Closes the main or secondary Help window.
\par \uldb FocusWindow\plain\f1\fs16 {\v FocusWindow>main}\tab Changes the focus to a specific Help window.
\par \uldb HelpOnTop\plain\f1\fs16 {\v HelpOnTop>main}\tab Places all Help windows on top of other windows.
\par \uldb PositionWindow\plain\f1\fs16 {\v PositionWindow>main}\tab Sets the size and position of a Help window.
\par \uldb SetPopupColor*\plain\f1\fs16 {\v SetPopupColor>main}\tab Sets the background color of pop-up windows.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0062}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Keyboard macros}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MACRO_REF_KEYBOARD}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} MACRO_REF_KEYBOARD}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} accelerator keys;keyboard macros;macros,;macros, keyboard}
\b\fs24 Keyboard macros
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can use the following macros to add keyboard access to a Help macro.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1985\ri125\fi-1855\tx1975 \uldb AddAccelerator\plain\f1\fs16 {\v AddAccelerator>main}\tab Assigns an \ul accelerator key\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ABYXEJ} to a Help macro.
\par \uldb RemoveAccelerator\plain\f1\fs16 {\v RemoveAccelerator>main}\tab Removes an accelerator key from a Help macro.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0063}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Program macros}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MACRO_REF_PROGRAM}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} MACRO_REF_PROGRAMS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, program;program macros}
\b\fs24 Program macros
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can use the following macros to access programs. These macros are new in WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1985\ri125\fi-1855\tx1975 \uldb ControlPanel\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ControlPanel>main}\tab Opens a specific tab in a Control Panel dialog box.
\par \uldb ExecFile\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ExecFile>main}\tab Runs a program or opens a file and runs the program associated with that file.
\par \uldb FileExist\plain\f1\fs16 {\v FileExist>main}\tab Checks to see whether the specified file exists on a user's computer.\uldb 
\par ShellExecute\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ShellExecute>main}\tab Opens, prints or runs a file or program.\uldb 
\par ShortCut\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ShortCut>main}\tab Runs or activates a program and sends it a WM_COMMAND message.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR;ALink;KLink')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR;ALink;KLink')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0064}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Text-marker macros}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, text-marker;text markers, macros for}
\b\fs24 Text-marker macros
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can use the following macros to create and manipulate text markers. Macros that are new in WinHelp version 4.0 are noted with an asterisk.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1985\ri125\fi-1855\tx1975 \uldb DeleteMark\plain\f1\fs16 {\v DeleteMark>main}\tab Removes a marker added by the SaveMark macro.
\par \uldb GotoMark\plain\f1\fs16 {\v GoToMark>main}\tab Jumps to a marker set by the SaveMark macro.
\par \uldb IfThen\plain\f1\fs16 {\v IfThen>main}\tab Runs a Help macro if a given marker exists.
\par \uldb IfThenElse\plain\f1\fs16 {\v IfThenElse>main}\tab Runs one of two macros if a given marker exists.
\par \uldb IsMark\plain\f1\fs16 {\v IsMark>main}\tab Tests whether a marker set by the SaveMark macro exists.
\par \uldb IsNotMark*\plain\f1\fs16 {\v IsNotMark>main}\tab Tests whether a marker set by the SaveMark macro does not exist.
\par \uldb Not\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Not>main}\tab Reverses the result returned by the IsMark macro.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1985\ri125\fi-1855\tx1975 \uldb SaveMark\plain\f1\fs16 {\v SaveMark>main}\tab Saves a marker for the current topic, window and Help file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0001}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} About macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} About}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} About}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} About macro;macros,;macros, About;Version dialog box}
\b\fs24 About macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 About()
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Displays WinHelp's Version dialog box.\plain\f0\fs16  \f1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can add your own text to the Version dialog box by putting a COPYRIGHT string in the project file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;COPYRIGHT")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;COPYRIGHT")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0002}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} AddAccelerator macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} AddAccelerator}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} accelerators;AddAccelerator}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} AA macro;accelerator keys;AddAccelerator macro;macros,;macros, AddAccelerator}
\b\fs24 AddAccelerator macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 AddAccelerator(\plain\f1\fs16 key\b ,\'a0\plain\f1\fs16 shift-state\b ,\'a0\plain\f1\fs16 macro\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Assigns a Help macro to an \ul accelerator key\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ABYXEJ} (or key combination). WinHelp runs the macro whenever a user presses the accelerator key.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 key\tab Specifies the Windows virtual-key value. This parameter can be a numeric digit, a quoted character (as in `A'), or one of the following strings:
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_LBUTTON\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_NUMPAD2\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_RBUTTON\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_NUMPAD3\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_CANCEL\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_NUMPAD4\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_MBUTTON\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_NUMPAD5\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_BACK\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_NUMPAD6\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_TAB\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_NUMPAD7\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_CLEAR\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_NUMPAD8\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_RETURN\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_NUMPAD9\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_SHIFT\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_MULTIPLY\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_CONTROL\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_ADD\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_MENU\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_SEPARATOR\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_PAUSE\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_SUBTRACT\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_CAPITAL\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_DECIMAL\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_KANA\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_DIVIDE\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_KANJI\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_HANGEUL\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F3\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_JUNJA\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F5\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_HANJA\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F6\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_ESCAPE\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F7\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_SPACE\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F8\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_PRIOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F9\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_NEXT\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F10\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_END\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F11\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_HOME\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F12\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_LEFT\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F13\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_UP\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F14\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_RIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F15\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_DOWN\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F16\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_SELECT\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F17\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_PRINT\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F18\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_EXECUTE\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F19\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_SNAPSHOT\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F20\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_INSERT\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F21\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_DELETE\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F22\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_HELP\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F23\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_SCROLL\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_F24\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_NUMPAD0\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_NUMLOCK\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft1414 \cellx3055\cellx4855\pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 VK_NUMPAD1\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125 \cell\intbl\row
\pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 shift-state\tab Specifies the combination of ALT, SHIFT, and CTRL keys to be used with the accelerator. This parameter can be one of the following values:
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2515\fi-935\tx2515\tx2555 NONE (0)
\par \scaps shift (1)
\par ctrl (2)
\par shift+ctrl (3)
\par alt (4)
\par alt+shift (5)
\par alt+ctrl (6)
\par shift+alt+ctrl (7)
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 macro\tab Specifies the Help macro or macro string to run when the user presses the accelerator key(s). Multiple macros in a string must be separated by colons or semicolons.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop automatically converts the AddAccelerator macro to AA.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro runs the Notepad program when a user presses \scaps shift+ctrl+f9\plain\f1\fs16 :
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab AddAccelerator(VK_F9, SHIFT+CTRL, ExecFile(notepad))
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_KEYBOARD;removeaccelerator;macro_all")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_KEYBOARD;removeaccelerator;macro_all")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0003}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ALink macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ALink}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} ALink;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} AL macro;ALink macro;macros,;macros, ALink}
\b\fs24 ALink macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 ALink(\plain\f1\fs16 keyword[\b ;\'a0\plain\f1\fs16 keyword] [\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0type[\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0topic-ID [\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0window-name]]]\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Searches for keywords specified by A-footnotes.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 keyword\tab Specifies one or more keywords to search for. Multiple keywords must be separated by a semicolon. If any keyword contains a comma, the entire keyword string must be enclosed in quotation marks.
\par type\tab Specifies the action to perform if one or more keywords are found. If this parameter is not specified or is zero, the default action is always to display the Topics Found dialog box containing the topic title. This parameter may specify one or more of the following values, separated by spaces.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2875\ri125\fi-1295\brdrb\brdrs\tx2875\tx3145 \b Value\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2875\ri125\fi-1295\tx2875\tx3145 \plain\f1\fs16 JUMP (1)\b \tab \plain\f1\fs16 Specifies that if only one topic matches any of the keywords, WinHelp should jump directly to that topic.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2875\ri125\fi-1295\tx1575\tx2875 TITLE (2)\tab Specifies that if a keyword is found in more than one Help file, WinHelp should display the title of the Help file (as specified in the contents [.cnt] file) beside the topic title in the Topics Found dialog box.
\par TEST (4)\tab Specifies that the macro should return a value indicating whether or not there is at least one match. The TestALink macro is converted by Help Workshop into an ALink macro with this parameter.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575\tx5035 topic-ID\tab Specifies the topic to display in a pop-up window if no matches are found. If this parameter is not specified, WinHelp displays a message box with the text \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 No additional information is available\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1 . To specify a topic in a different Help file, the topic ID should end with an \plain\f0\fs16 \'91\f1 @\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1  character and the name of the Help file.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575\tx2965 window-name\tab Specifies the window type in which to display the topic. If this parameter is not specified, the window type that is specified for a topic (if one is defined) is used, or the default or current window is used. If this macro results in an interfile jump, the window type must be defined in the project file for the Help file that is being jumped to.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575\tx2965 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575\tx2965 \plain\f1\fs16 The ALink macro searches for A-keyword matches in the current Help file. If the Help file is associated with a contents file, WinHelp searches all Help files specified in the contents file (by the :Index and :Link commands) for matching A-keywords.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575\tx2965 The ALink macro is identical to the KLink macro except that it searches for A-keywords instead of K-keywords.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575\tx2965 Help Workshop automatically converts the ALink macro to AL, which is the only form of the macro that WinHelp can use.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575\tx2965 The ALink macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575\tx2965 \b Examples
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575\tx2965 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example generates a list of topics that contain the \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 network printing\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  or \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 local printing\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  keywords in A-footnotes:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab ALink(network printing;local printing)
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The following example generates a list of topics that contain the keyword \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 how_to\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  in A-footnotes and displays those topics in the Steps window:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab ALink(how_to, , , Steps)
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The following example returns a value of \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 1\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  if at least one topic with the keyword \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 saving\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  is found:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab ALink(saving, TEST)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;KLink;macro_all")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;KLink;macro_all")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0004}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Annotate macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Annotate}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} Annotate}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Annotate macro;Annotation dialog box;macros,;macros, Annotate}
\b\fs24 Annotate macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 Annotate()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the Annotation dialog box.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Do not run the Annotate macro from a pop-up window.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0005}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} AppendItem macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} AppendItem}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} AppendItem;MACROS_MENU}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adding;adding, menu items to menus;AI macro;AppendItem macro;macros,;macros, AppendItem;menu items;menu items, appending to end of menu;menus;menus, adding menu item}
\b\fs24 AppendItem macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 AppendItem(\plain\f1\fs16 menu-ID\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0item-ID\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0item-name\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0macro\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Appends a menu item to the end of an existing menu.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 menu-ID\tab Specifies the name used in the InsertMenu macro that creates the menu, or the name of a standard WinHelp menu. The new item is appended to this menu.
\par item-ID\tab Specifies the name that WinHelp uses internally to identify the menu item. This name is used by the DisableItem, DeleteItem, EnableItem, and ExtAbleItem macros.
\par item-name\tab Specifies the name that WinHelp displays on the menu for the item. Place an ampersand (&) before the character used for the macro's \ul accelerator key.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ABYXEJ}
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 macro\tab Specifies one or more macros that WinHelp should run when a user chooses the menu item. Separate multiple macros with colons or semicolons (use only colons if multiple macros are specified in a project file).
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp ignores this macro if it is run in a secondary window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 You can append as many as 20 items to WinHelp's context menu (mnu_floating).
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 If the keyboard accelerator conflicts with other menu access keys, WinHelp ignores the macro.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 Help Workshop automatically converts the AppendItem macro to AI.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro appends a menu item labeled "Tools." Choosing the menu item causes a jump to a topic with the topic ID "tpc1" in the Tls.hlp file:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab AppendItem(IDM_BKS, IDM_TLS, &Tools, JumpId(tls.hlp, tpc1))
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;ResetMenu;ChangeItemBinding;DeleteItem;DisableItem;ExtAbleItem;ExtInsertItem;InsertItem;InsertMenu;macro_all;REF_STD_MENU;FloatingMenu")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;ResetMenu;ChangeItemBinding;DeleteItem;DisableItem;ExtAbleItem;ExtInsertItem;InsertItem;InsertMenu;macro_all;REF_STD_MENU;FloatingMenu")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0006}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Back macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Back}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} Back}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Back macro;history list;macros,;macros, Back}
\b\fs24 Back macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 Back()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the previous topic in the history list of the current window. The history list is a list of the last 30 topics (not including pop-up topics) that the user displayed in the current window. This list is kept separately from the list displayed in the History window.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The Back macro works only for topics that were displayed in the current window type; it does not display topics that were displayed in other window types.
\par If a user runs the Back macro when the Back list is empty, WinHelp takes no action.
\par A user can use Back to back up to a topic only once. After Back is used to return to a topic, that topic is removed from the list of previously displayed topics. For example, after jumps to topics A, B, and C, the user can use Back to return to B. After a jump back to C from B, however, Back goes to A, not B.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("macro_all;History;BACKTRACK;BackFlush")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("macro_all;History;BACKTRACK;BackFlush")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0007}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} BackFlush macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BackFlush}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BackFlush}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} BackFlush macro;BF macro;macros,;macros, BackFlush}
\b\fs24 BackFlush macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 BackFlush()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Removes the back history list from the current window. This macro does not affect the history list displayed in the History window.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop automatically converts the BackFlush macro to BF, which is the only form of this macro that WinHelp can use.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;Back")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;Back")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0008}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} BookmarkDefine macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BookmarkDefine}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BookmarkDefine}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} BookmarkDefine macro;Define dialog box;macros,;macros, BookmarkDefine}
\b\fs24 BookmarkDefine macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 BookmarkDefine()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the Define dialog box, which is available from the Bookmark menu in a main Help window.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Bookmarks do not keep track of the window type the topic was originally displayed in. When you use the Bookmark menu or call the BookmarkMore macro, the bookmark topic is displayed in the current window type.
\par If the BookmarkDefine macro is run from a pop-up window, the bookmark is attached to the topic that invoked the pop-up window.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;BookmarkMore")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;BookmarkMore")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0009}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} BookmarkMore macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BookmarkMore}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BookmarkMore}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Bookmark dialog box;BookmarkMore macro;macros,;macros, BookmarkMore}
\b\fs24 BookmarkMore macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 BookmarkMore()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays a Bookmark dialog box, that enables users to choose which bookmarked topic to display. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If a bookmark is chosen from the Bookmark dialog box, the topic is displayed in the current window type.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;BookmarkDefine")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;BookmarkDefine")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:000a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} BrowseButtons macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BrowseButtons}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BrowseButtons;MACROS_BTN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} BrowseButtons macro;macros,;macros, BrowseButtons}
\b\fs24 BrowseButtons macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 BrowseButtons()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Adds browse buttons to the button bar.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If the BrowseButtons macro is used with one or more CreateButton macros in the [CONFIG] section of the project file, the order of the browse buttons on the WinHelp button bar is determined by the order of the BrowseButtons macro in relation to the other macros listed in the [CONFIG] section.
\par Browse buttons cannot be removed from the button bar after they have been added with the BrowseButtons macro.
\par For secondary windows, you can add browse buttons as part of the window definition in the project file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macros in the project file cause the Notepad button to appear immediately before the two browse buttons on the button bar:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab [CONFIG]\line
CreateButton(btn_clock,&Notepad, ExecFile(notepad))\line
BrowseButtons()
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;CreateButton;Next;Prev;CONFIG")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;CreateButton;Next;Prev;CONFIG")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:000b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ChangeButtonBinding macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ChangeButtonBinding}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} ChangeButtonBinding;MACROS_BTN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} assigning;assigning, macro to button;buttons,;buttons, assigning Help macro to;CBB macro;ChangeButtonBinding macro;macros,;macros, ChangeButtonBinding}
\b\fs24 ChangeButtonBinding macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 ChangeButtonBinding(\plain\f1\fs16 button-ID\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0button-macro\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Assigns a macro to a button bar button.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1595\ri125\fi-1445\brdrb\brdrs\tx1595 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1595\ri125\fi-1445\tx1595 button-ID\tab Specifies the identifier assigned to the button by the CreateButton macro, or for a standard Help button.
\par button-macro\tab Specifies the macro assigned to the button. Separate multiple macros using colons or semicolons. If multiple macros are specified in a project file, use colons.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1595 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1595 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop automatically converts the ChangeButtonBinding macro to CBB.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1595 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1595 \plain\f1\fs16 In the following macro, an ALink macro is assigned to a button whose ID is SeeAlso:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab [CONFIG]\line
ChangeButtonBinding(SeeAlso, ALink(another topic))
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;CreateButton;ChangeEnable;DestroyButton;DisableButton;EnableButton;REF_STD_BTN;CONFIG")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;CreateButton;ChangeEnable;DestroyButton;DisableButton;EnableButton;REF_STD_BTN;CONFIG")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:000c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ChangeEnable macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ChangeEnable}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} ChangeEnable;MACROS_BTN;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} buttons,;buttons, assigning macros to;CE macro;ChangeEnable macro;macros,;macros, ChangeEnable}
\b\fs24 ChangeEnable macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 ChangeEnable(\plain\f1\fs16 button-ID\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0button-macro\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Assigns a macro to a button bar button and enables that button.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1595\ri125\fi-1445\brdrb\brdrs\tx1595 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1595\ri125\fi-1445\tx1595 button-ID\tab Specifies the identifier assigned to the button by the CreateButton macro, or for a standard Help button.
\par button-macro\tab Specifies the macro assigned to the button.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1595 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1595 \plain\f1\fs16 This macro is equivalent to calling both ChangeButtonBinding and EnableButton.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1595 Help Workshop automatically converts the ChangeEnable macro to CE, which is the only form of this macro that WinHelp can use.\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1595 \plain\f1\fs16 The ChangeEnable macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1595 \b Example
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 In the following macro, an ALink macro is assigned to a button whose ID is SeeAlso:
\par \tab ChangeEnable(SeeAlso, ALink(another topic))
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;CreateButton;REF_STD_BTN")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;CreateButton;REF_STD_BTN")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:000d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ChangeItemBinding macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ChangeItemBinding}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} ChangeItemBinding;MACROS_MENU}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ChangeItemBinding macro;CIB macro;macros,;macros, ChangeItemBinding;menu items;menu items, assigning macros to}
\b\fs24 ChangeItemBinding macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 ChangeItemBinding(\plain\f1\fs16 item-ID\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0item-macro\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Assigns a new macro to a WinHelp menu item.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 item-ID\tab Identifies the menu item. The ID must have been created with the AppendItem or InsertItem macros, or must be the ID for a standard WinHelp menu item.
\par item-macro\tab Specifies the Help macro or macro string to run when a user chooses the menu item. Separate multiple macros in a string using colons or semicolons.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 This macro is ignored if a user runs it in a secondary window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 Help Workshop automatically converts the ChangeItemBinding macro to CIB.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro changes the menu item identified by "notepad_item" to open the Notepad program:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab ChangeItemBinding(notepad_item, ExecFile(notepad))
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;AppendItem;InsertItem;DeleteItem;EnableItem;ExtAbleItem;ExtInsertMenu;UncheckItem;ResetMenu;REF_STD_MENU")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;AppendItem;InsertItem;DeleteItem;EnableItem;ExtAbleItem;ExtInsertMenu;UncheckItem;ResetMenu;REF_STD_MENU")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:000e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} CheckItem macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CheckItem}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CheckItem;MACROS_MENU}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} check marks in menu items;CheckItem macro;CI macro;macros,;macros, CheckItem;menu items;menu items, placing check mark beside}
\b\fs24 CheckItem macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 CheckItem(\plain\f1\fs16 item-ID\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Places a check mark beside a menu item.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 item-ID\tab Identifies the menu item. The ID must have been created using the AppendItem or InsertItem macros, or must be a standard ID for a WinHelp menu item.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 This macro is ignored if a user runs it in a secondary window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 Use the UncheckItem macro to clear a check mark.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 Help Workshop automatically converts the CheckItem macro to CI.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;UncheckItem")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;UncheckItem")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:000f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} CloseSecondarys macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CloseSecondarys}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CloseSecondarys;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} CloseSecondarys macro;closing;closing, Help windows;CS macro;macros,;macros, CloseSecondarys;windows,;windows, closing}
\b\fs24 CloseSecondarys macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 CloseSecondarys()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Closes all but the current secondary window.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop automatically converts the CloseSecondarys macro to CS, which is the only form of this macro that WinHelp can use.
\par The CloseSecondarys macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_WINDOW;macro_all;CloseWindow;Exit")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_WINDOW;macro_all;CloseWindow;Exit")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0010}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} CloseWindow macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CloseWindow}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CloseWindow}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} CloseWindow macro;closing;closing, Help windows;CW macro;macros,;macros, CloseWindow;windows,;windows, closing}
\b\fs24 CloseWindow macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 CloseWindow(\plain\f1\fs16 [window-name]\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Closes either a secondary window or the main Help window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1695\ri125\fi-1575\brdrb\brdrs\tx1695 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1695\ri125\fi-1575\tx1695 window-name\tab Specifies the name of the window to close. The name "main" is reserved for the main Help window. For secondary windows, the window name is defined in the [WINDOWS] section of the project file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1695 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1695 \plain\f1\fs16 If no name is specified, the main window is closed.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1695 If the main window is closed, and no other windows are open, WinHelp will quit.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1695 If the specified window-name does not exist, WinHelp ignores this macro.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1695 Help Workshop automatically converts the CloseWindow macro to CW.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1695 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1695 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro closes the secondary window named "keys":
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab CloseWindow(keys)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_WINDOW;macro_all;CloseSecondarys;Exit;WINDOWS")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_WINDOW;macro_all;CloseSecondarys;Exit;WINDOWS")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0011}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Compare macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Compare}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} Compare;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Compare macro;macros,;macros, Compare}
\b\fs24 Compare macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 Compare(\plain\f1\fs16 HLP-filename\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays a Help file in a second instance of WinHelp. The current Help file and the second Help file are displayed side-by-side. Most actions performed in one Help file (for example, clicking jumps or the Back and browse buttons) will be automatically reflected in the other file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2215\ri125\fi-2095\brdrb\brdrs\tx2215 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2215\ri125\fi-2095\tx2215 HLP-filename\tab Specifies the name of the Help file to display.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2215 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2215 \plain\f1\fs16 This macro is useful for comparing original and translated versions of the same Help file. You can run this macro from the Jump dialog box by typing the following in the Enter Topic Identifier text box:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2215 \b !compare("filename.hlp")
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2215 \plain\f1\fs16 For filename.hlp, substitute the name of the file that you want to compare to the one that is already open.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2215 The Compare macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("macro_all;new_help_author;BAS_TRANSLATING;Test")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("macro_all;new_help_author;BAS_TRANSLATING;Test")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0012}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Contents macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Contents}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} Contents}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Contents macro;Contents tab;Contents tab, displaying;macros,;macros, Contents}
\b\fs24 Contents macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 Contents()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the Contents tab in the Help Topics dialog box if the Help file is associated with a contents file that specifies Contents tab information. If the Help file is not associated with a contents file, the Contents macro displays the default (contents) topic in the current Help file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The contents file is specified by the CNT option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project file. If the project file does not have a CNT option, WinHelp searches for a .cnt file with the same base name as the current Help file.
\par The \ul default topic\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 32JI7C9} is defined by the CONTENTS option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project file. If the project file does not have a CONTENTS option, the first topic in the first topic file specified in the [FILES] section in the project file is used as the default topic.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;JumpContents;SetContents;CNT;CONTENTS_hpj")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;JumpContents;SetContents;CNT;CONTENTS_hpj")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0013}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ControlPanel macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ControlPanel}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} ControlPanel;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Control Panel applets, opening;ControlPanel macro;macros,;macros, ControlPanel}
\b\fs24 ControlPanel macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 ControlPanel(\plain\f1\fs16 CPL_name[\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0panel_name\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0tabnum]\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Opens a control panel applet with a specific tab on top.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 CPL_name\tab Specifies the name of the program that contains the control panel applet.
\par panel_name\tab Specifies the name of the control panel applet. This must be identical to the text that appears under the control panel applet's icon.
\par tabnum\tab Specifies the number of the tab to display on top. The first tab is number 0, the second tab is number 1, and so on.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop converts the ControlPanel macro into the ExecFile macro, which is in turn converted to EF. EF is the only form of this macro that WinHelp can use.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 Not all control panel applets recognize the panel_name and tabnum parameters.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 The ControlPanel macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,KL("macros, auxiliary;macros, syntax;ShortCut macro;ExecFile macro ")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!KL("macros, auxiliary;macros, syntax;ShortCut macro;ExecFile macro ")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0014}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} CopyDialog macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CopyDialog}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CopyDialog}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} CopyDialog macro;macros,;macros, CopyDialog}
\b\fs24 CopyDialog macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 CopyDialog()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro is obsolete. In version 3.x of WinHelp, this macro displayed a dialog box. Later versions of Help simply copied the entire topic to the Clipboard. New Help files should use the CopyTopic macro instead.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("CopyTopic")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("CopyTopic")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0015}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} CopyTopic macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CopyTopic}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CopyTopic}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} CopyTopic macro;CT macro;macros,;macros, CopyTopic}
\b\fs24 CopyTopic macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 CopyTopic()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Copies all the text in the currently displayed topic to the Clipboard.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The CopyTopic macro copies only text, not bitmaps or other graphics.
\par If the CopyTopic macro is run from a pop-up window, only the text of the topic that invoked the pop-up window is placed on the Clipboard.
\par Help Workshop automatically converts the CheckTopic macro to CT.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0016}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} CreateButton macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CreateButton}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CreateButton;MACROS_BTN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} buttons,;buttons, adding to button bar;CB macro;CreateButton macro;macros,;macros, CreateButton}
\b\fs24 CreateButton macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 CreateButton(\plain\f1\fs16 button-ID\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0name\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0macro\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Appends a new button to the button bar.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 button-ID\tab Specifies the name that WinHelp uses internally to identify the button. Use this name in the EnableButton, DisableButton or DestroyButton macro to enable, disable, or destroy the button. Use this name in the ChangeButtonBinding macro to change the macro that the button runs in certain topics.
\par name\tab Specifies the text that appears on the button. To specify which letter in this text should be used as the accelerator key for the button, place an ampersand (&) before that letter (for more information, see the Comments section). You can use as many as 96 characters on a button label.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 macro\tab Specifies the macro or macros WinHelp should run when a user clicks the button. Separate multiple macros using colons or semicolons.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 If no accelerator is specified, WinHelp automatically chooses the first letter that can be used as an accelerator without conflicting with any previous buttons on the button bar. If an accelerator is specified and it conflicts with a previous button (including standard WinHelp buttons), WinHelp attempts to move the accelerator to the first letter that does not conflict. If no such letter can be found, the accelerator will not be changed. If users attempt to use the accelerator in this case, WinHelp displays a dialog box asking them to choose which button they want.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 WinHelp allows a maximum of 22 buttons on a button bar.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 If the BrowseButtons macro is used with one or more CreateButton macros in the project file, the buttons appear in the same order on the button bar as the macros appear in the project file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 Help Workshop automatically converts the CreateButton macro to CB, which is the only form of this macro that WinHelp can use.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro creates a new button labeled "Ideas" that jumps to a topic located in the Ideas.hlp file whose topic ID is "dir":
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab CreateButton(btn_ideas, Ideas, JumpId(ideas.hlp, dir))
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;BrowseButtons;EnableButton;DisableButton;DestroyButton;ChangeButtonBinding;button;CONFIG")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;BrowseButtons;EnableButton;DisableButton;DestroyButton;ChangeButtonBinding;button;CONFIG")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0017}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DeleteItem macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DeleteItem}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DeleteItem;MACROS_MENU}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DeleteItem macro;macros,;macros, DeleteItem;menu items;menu items, removing}
\b\fs24 DeleteItem macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 DeleteItem(\plain\f1\fs16 item-ID\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Removes a menu item from a WinHelp menu.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 item-ID\tab Specifies the item identifier used in the AppendItem, ExtInsertItem, or InsertItem macro.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp ignores this macro if it is run in a secondary window.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;AppendItem;ExtInsertItem;InsertItem;ChangeItemBinding;DisableItem;EnableItem;ExtAbleItem;ResetMenu;REF_STD_MENU")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;AppendItem;ExtInsertItem;InsertItem;ChangeItemBinding;DisableItem;EnableItem;ExtAbleItem;ResetMenu;REF_STD_MENU")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0018}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DeleteMark macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DeleteMark}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DeleteMark}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DeleteMark macro;macros,;macros, DeleteMark;text markers}
\b\fs24 DeleteMark macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 DeleteMark(\plain\f1\fs16 marker-text\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Removes a text marker added by using the SaveMark macro.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 marker-text\tab Specifies the text marker previously added by the SaveMark macro.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 If the marker does not exist when the DeleteMark macro is run, WinHelp displays an error message.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro removes the marker \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 Managing Memory\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  from a Help file if the marker actually exists:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab IfThen("Managing memory", DeleteMark(Managing Memory))
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER;macro_all;ifthen;SaveMark;GotoMark;IsMark;IsNotMark")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER;macro_all;ifthen;SaveMark;GotoMark;IsMark;IsNotMark")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0019}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DestroyButton macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DestroyButton}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DestroyButton;MACROS_BTN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} buttons,;buttons, removing from button bar;DestroyButton macro;macros,;macros, DestroyButton}
\b\fs24 DestroyButton macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 DestroyButton(\plain\f1\fs16 button-ID\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Removes a button added by using the CreateButton macro.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 button-ID\tab Identifies a button previously created by the CreateButton macro.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The button identifier cannot specify a standard Help button.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;CreateButton;ChangeButtonBinding;REF_STD_BTN;DisableButton;EnableButton")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;CreateButton;ChangeButtonBinding;REF_STD_BTN;DisableButton;EnableButton")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:001a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DisableButton macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DisableButton}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DisableButton;MACROS_BTN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} buttons,;buttons, disabling;DB macro;DisableButton macro;macros,;macros, DisableButton}
\b\fs24 DisableButton macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 DisableButton(\plain\f1\fs16 button-ID\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Disables (grays out) a button on the WinHelp button bar.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 button-ID\tab Specifies the standard button identifier or the identifier assigned to the button by the CreateButton macro.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 A button that is disabled by the DisableButton macro cannot be used in the topic until it is re-enabled by the EnableButton macro or re-activated by a user. For example, a disabled Contents, Index, or Help Topics button is re-enabled if a user clicks an interfile jump.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 Help Workshop automatically converts the DisableButton macro to DB.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;EnableButton;DestroyButton;REF_STD_BTN")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;EnableButton;DestroyButton;REF_STD_BTN")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:001b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DisableItem macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DisableItem}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DisableItem;MACROS_MENU}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DI macro;DisableItem macro;macros,;macros, DisableItem;menu items;menu items, disabling}
\b\fs24 DisableItem macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 DisableItem(\plain\f1\fs16 item-ID\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Disables (grays out) a menu item.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 item-ID\tab Identifies a menu item that was previously appended by the AppendItem, ExtInsertItem, or InsertItem macro.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The menu item cannot be used in the topic until the EnableItem or ExtAbleItem macro is run.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 WinHelp ignores this macro if it is run in a secondary window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 Help Workshop automatically converts the DisableItem macro to DI.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;EnableItem;ExtAbleItem;AppendItem;InsertItem;ResetMenu;REF_STD_MENU")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;EnableItem;ExtAbleItem;AppendItem;InsertItem;ResetMenu;REF_STD_MENU")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:001c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} EnableButton macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} EnableButton}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} EnableButton;MACROS_BTN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} buttons,;buttons, enabling;EB macro;EnableButton macro;macros,;macros, EnableButton}
\b\fs24 EnableButton macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 EnableButton(\plain\f1\fs16 button-ID\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Re-enables a button that was disabled by the DisableButton macro.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 button-ID\tab Specifies the standard button identifier or the identifier assigned to the button by the CreateButton macro.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop automatically converts the EnableButton macro to EB.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 To enable a button and change its macro binding at the same time, use the ChangeEnable macro.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;BrowseButtons;ChangeButtonBinding;ChangeEnable;DisableButton;CreateButton;DestroyButton;REF_STD_BTN")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;BrowseButtons;ChangeButtonBinding;ChangeEnable;DisableButton;CreateButton;DestroyButton;REF_STD_BTN")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:001d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} EnableItem macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} EnableItem}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} EnableItem;MACROS_MENU}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} EI macro;EnableItem macro;macros,;macros, EnableItem;menu items;menu items, re-enabling}
\b\fs24 EnableItem macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 EnableItem(\plain\f1\fs16 item-ID\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Re-enables a menu item that was disabled by using the DisableItem or ExtAbleItem macro.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 item-ID\tab Specifies the identifier assigned to the menu item by the AppendItem, ExtInsertItem, or InsertItem macro.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp ignores this macro if it is run in a secondary window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 Help Workshop automatically converts the EnableItem macro to EI.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;AppendItem;DisableItem;ResetMenu")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;AppendItem;DisableItem;ResetMenu")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:001e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} EndMPrint macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} EndMPrint}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} EndMPrint;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} EndMPrint macro;macros,;macros, EndMPrint;printing}
\b\fs24 EndMPrint macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 EndMPrint()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Dismisses the printing message box and terminates the printing of multiple topics.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The EndMPrint macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;InitMPrint;MPrintID;MPrintHash")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;InitMPrint;MPrintID;MPrintHash")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:001f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ExecFile macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ExecFile}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} ExecFile;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} EF macro;ExecFile macro;macros,;macros, ExecFile}
\b\fs24 ExecFile macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 ExecFile(\plain\f1\fs16 program[\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0arguments[\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0display-state[\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0topic-ID]]]\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Runs a program or the program associated with a file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 program\tab Specifies the name of the program to be run or the name of a file. If a file is specified, the program associated with that file type is started.
\par arguments\tab Specifies the command-line arguments to send to the program.
\par display-state\tab Specifies a value indicating how the program's window is to be shown. If this parameter is not specified, SW_SHOW is used (activates the window and shows it in its default size and position). This optional parameter can be one of the following values.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3595\ri125\fi-2155\brdrb\brdrs\tx3595 \b Value\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3595\ri125\fi-2155\tx3595 \plain\f1\fs16 SW_HIDE\tab Hides the window.
\par SW_MINIMIZE\tab Minimizes the window.
\par SW_RESTORE\tab Restores the window to its original size and position if the window is minimized or maximized.
\par SW_SHOW\tab Activates the window and displays it in its current size and position.
\par SW_SHOWMAXIMIZED\tab Activates the window and maximizes it.
\par SW_SHOWMINIMIZED\tab Activates the window and displays it minimized.
\par SW_SHOWMINNOACTIVE\tab Displays the window minimized, but WinHelp keeps the focus.
\par SW_SHOWNA\tab Displays a window in its current state, but WinHelp keeps the focus. (If the window was minimized before this call, it will stay minimized.)
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3595\ri125\fi-2155\tx3595 SW_SHOWNOACTIVATE\tab Displays a window in its most recent size and position, but WinHelp keeps the focus.
\par SW_SHOWNORMAL\tab Activates and displays the window. If the window is minimized or maximized, Windows restores it to its original size and position (same as SW_RESTORE).
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 topic-ID\tab Specifies the ID of the topic to display if the specified file or program cannot be started.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 If a path is specified, WinHelp first searches for the file in the specified path. If the file is not found or no path was specified, WinHelp searches the same locations as it does when it searches for Help files:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The folder of the current Help file.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The current folder.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The System subfolder in the Windows folder.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The Windows folder.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The folders listed in the PATH environment.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The location specified in the Winhelp.ini file.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The Help portion of the registry.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Help Workshop automatically converts the ExecFile macro to EF, which is the only form of this macro that WinHelp can use.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The ExecFile macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example opens the WIN.INI file in the program associated with .ini files:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab ExecFile(win.ini)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,KL("macros, auxiliary;macros, syntax;ControlPanel macro;ExecFile macro;ShellExecute")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!KL("macros, auxiliary;macros, syntax;ControlPanel macro;ExecFile macro;ShellExecute")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0020}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ExecProgram macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ExecProgram}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} ExecProgram}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} EP macro;ExecProgram macro;macros,;macros, ExecProgram}
\b\fs24 ExecProgram macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 ExecProgram(\plain\f1\fs16 command-line[\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0display-state]\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro is obsolete. Use the ExecFile macro instead.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("ShortCut;ExecFile")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("Shortcut;ExecFile ")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0021}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Exit macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Exit}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} Exit}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} closing;closing, WinHelp;Exit macro;exiting WinHelp;macros,;macros, Exit;quitting WinHelp;WinHelp,;WinHelp, quitting}
\b\fs24 Exit macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 Exit()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Quits the WinHelp program.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0022}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ExtAbleItem macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ExtAbleItem}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} ExtAbleItem;MACROS_MENU}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ExtAbleItem macro;macros,;macros, ExtAbleItem;menu items;menu items, enabling or disabling}
\b\fs24 ExtAbleItem macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 ExtAbleItem(\plain\f1\fs16 item-ID\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0display-state\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Enables or disables a menu item.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 item-ID\tab Specifies the identifier assigned to the menu item by the AppendItem, ExtInsertItem, or InsertItem macro.
\par display-state\tab Specifies the state of the menu item. This parameter can be one of the following values:
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2875\ri125\fi-1435\brdrb\brdrs\tx2875 \b Value\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2875\ri125\fi-1435\tx2875 \plain\f1\fs16 GRAYED\tab Disables (grays out) the menu item.
\par CHECKED\tab Places a check mark next to the menu item.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2875 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2875 \plain\f1\fs16 You cannot use this macro to change a standard WinHelp menu item.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2875 WinHelp ignores this macro if it is run in a secondary window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2875 The ExtAbleItem macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;AppendItem;ChangeItemBinding;DeleteItem;DisableItem;EnableItem;ExtInsertItem;ExtInsertMenu;InsertItem;ResetMenu;REF_STD_MENU")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;AppendItem;ChangeItemBinding;DeleteItem;DisableItem;EnableItem;ExtInsertItem;ExtInsertMenu;InsertItem;ResetMenu;REF_STD_MENU")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0023}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ExtInsertItem macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ExtInsertItem}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} ExtInsertItem;MACROS_MENU}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ExtInsertItem macro;macros,;macros, ExtInsertItem;menu items;menu items, inserting at given position}
\b\fs24 ExtInsertItem macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 ExtInsertItem(\plain\f1\fs16 menu-ID\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0item-ID\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0item-name\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0macro\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0position[\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0display-state]\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Inserts a menu item at a given position on an existing menu.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 menu-ID\tab Identifies either a standard WinHelp menu or a menu previously created by the ExtInsertMenu or InsertMenu macro. The new item is inserted in this menu.
\par item-ID\tab Specifies the name that WinHelp uses internally to identify the menu item.
\par item-name\tab Specifies the name WinHelp displays on the menu for the item. This name is case-sensitive. An ampersand (&) before a character in the name identifies it as the item's \ul accelerator key.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ABYXEJ}
\par macro\tab Specifies the macro or macro string to run when a user clicks the menu item. Separate multiple macros in a string using colons or semicolons. Colons are required if this macro is specified in a project file.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 position\tab Specifies the numeric position of the menu item in the menu. Position 0 is the first or topmost position in the menu.
\par display-state\tab Specifies the state of the menu item. This parameter may be one of the following values:
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2875\ri125\fi-1435\brdrb\brdrs\tx2875 \b Value\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2875\ri125\fi-1435\tx2875 \plain\f1\fs16 GRAYED\tab Disables (grays-out) the menu item.
\par CHECKED\tab Places a check mark next to the menu item.
\par SEPARATOR\tab Adds a separator bar to the menu.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2875 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2875 \plain\f1\fs16 The item-ID parameter can be used in a subsequent DisableItem, EnableItem, ExtAbleItem, or DeleteItem macro to remove or disable the item or to change the operations that the item performs in certain topics.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2875 WinHelp ignores this macro if it is run in a secondary window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2875 The specified accelerator keys must be unique. If a key conflicts with other accelerator keys, WinHelp displays the error message "Unable to add item" and ignores the macro.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2875 The ExtInsertItem macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2875 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2875 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro inserts a menu item labeled \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 WordPad\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  on WinHelp\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 s File menu:
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab ExtInsertItem(mnu_file, itm_wpad, &WordPad, ExecFile(wordpad.exe), 3)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;AppendItem;ChangeItemBinding;DeleteItem;DisableItem;EnableItem;ExtAbleItem;InsertItem;ResetMenu;REF_STD_MENU;CONFIG")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;AppendItem;ChangeItemBinding;DeleteItem;DisableItem;EnableItem;ExtAbleItem;InsertItem;ResetMenu;REF_STD_MENU;CONFIG")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0024}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ExtInsertMenu macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ExtInsertMenu}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} ExtInsertMenu;MACROS_MENU}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ExtInsertMenu macro;macros,;macros, ExtInsertMenu;menus;menus, inserting submenus in;submenus, inserting}
\b\fs24 ExtInsertMenu macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 ExtInsertMenu(\plain\f1\fs16 parent-ID\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0menu-ID\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0menu-name\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0menu-position[\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0display-state]\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Inserts a submenu in a previously defined menu.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1725\ri125\fi-1605\brdrb\brdrs\tx1725 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1725\ri125\fi-1595\tx1725 parent-ID\tab Specifies the name that WinHelp uses to identify the parent menu to which this submenu is added. For a custom menu, this parameter is the name that was used when the menu was created by the ExtInsertMenu or the InsertMenu macro.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1725\ri125\fi-1605\tx1725 menu-ID\tab Specifies the name that WinHelp uses internally to identify the menu. This identifier can be used by the AppendItem, ExtInsertItem or ExtInsertMenu macros to access to the menu.
\par menu-name\tab Specifies the name that WinHelp displays for this menu. An ampersand (&) before a character in the name identifies it as the menu's accelerator.
\par menu-position\tab Specifies the integer position on the menu bar of the new menu name. Position 0 is the first position.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1725\ri125\fi-1605\tx1705 display-state\tab Specifies the state of the menu item. This parameter may be one of the following values:
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3055\ri125\fi-1345\brdrb\brdrs\tx3055 \b Value\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3055\ri125\fi-1345\tx3055 \plain\f1\fs16 CHECKED\tab Places a check mark next to the menu item.
\par GRAYED\tab Disables (grays out) the menu item.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3055 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3055 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp ignores this macro if it is run in a secondary window.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3055 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3055 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro adds a Wizard submenu to the standard Help menu:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab ExtInsertMenu(mnu_help, mnu_wizard, &Wizard, 2)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;ExtInsertItem;ExtAbleItem;AppendItem;InsertMenu;ResetMenu;REF_STD_MENU;CONFIG")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;ExtInsertItem;ExtAbleItem;AppendItem;InsertMenu;ResetMenu;REF_STD_MENU;CONFIG")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0025}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} FileExist macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FileExist}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FileExist;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} FE macro;FileExist macro;macros,;macros, FileExist}
\b\fs24 FileExist macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 FileExist(\plain\f1\fs16 filename\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Checks to see whether the specified file or program exists.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1725\ri125\fi-1605\brdrb\brdrs\tx1725 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1725\ri125\fi-1595\tx1725 filename\tab Specifies the name of the file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1725 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1725 \plain\f1\fs16 This macro can be used in conjunction with macros such as IfThenElse, which use the result of a Boolean macro to determine what action to take.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1725 If a path is specified, WinHelp first searches for the file in the specified path. If the file is not found, or no path was specified, WinHelp searches the same locations it does to find a Help file:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The folder of the current Help file.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The current folder.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The System subfolder in the Windows folder.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The Windows folder.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The folders listed in the PATH environment.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The location specified in the Winhelp.ini file.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The Help portion of the registry.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Help Workshop automatically converts the FileExist macro to FE, which is the only form of this macro that WinHelp can use.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The FileExist macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro checks to see if \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 Myapp.exe\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  has been installed. If the file is present, WinHelp runs it. If the file is not present, WinHelp displays a topic:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab IfThenElse(FileExist(myapp.exe), ExecFile(myapp), JumpId(install_my_app))
\par \pard\sb45\sl-115\li295\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`macro_all;execfile;ifthenelse;ifthen')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`execfile;ifthenelse;ifthen;macro_all')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0026}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} FileOpen macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FileOpen}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FileOpen}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} FileOpen macro;FO macro;macros,;macros, FileOpen;Open dialog box;opening files}
\b\fs24 FileOpen macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 FileOpen()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the Open dialog box, which is available from the File menu in the main Help window.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop automatically converts the FileOpen macro to FO.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-115\li295\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0027}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Find macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Find}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} Finder;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Find macro;Find tab;Find tab, displaying;macros, Find}
\b\fs24 Find macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 Find()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the Find tab in the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The Find macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("macro_all;contents;finder;Search")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("macro_all;Search;contents;finder")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0028}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Finder macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Finder}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} Finder;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} FD macro;Finder macro;Help Topics dialog box;Help Topics dialog box, displaying;macros, Finder}
\b\fs24 Finder macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 Finder()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop automatically converts the Finder macro to FD, which is the only form of this macro that WinHelp can use.
\par The Finder macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;contents;find;Search")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;Search;contents;find")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0029}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} FloatingMenu macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FloatingMenu}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FloatingMenu;MACROS_MENU}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} context menus;FloatingMenu macro;macros,;macros, FloatingMenu;menus;menus, displaying context menus}
\b\fs24 FloatingMenu macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 FloatingMenu()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the context (floating) menu at the current mouse cursor position. This menu also appears when users click a topic using their right mouse button.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can add as many as 20 menu items to the context menu.
\par The FloatingMenu macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;ResetMenu;AppendItem;InsertItem;ExtInsertItem;menu")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;ResetMenu;AppendItem;InsertItem;ExtInsertItem;menu")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:002a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Flush macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Flush}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} Flush;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} FH macro;Flush macro;macros,;macros, Flush}
\b\fs24 Flush macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 Flush()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Causes WinHelp to process any pending messages, including previously called macros.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop automatically converts the Flush macro to FH, which is the only form of this macro that WinHelp can use.
\par The Flush macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("macro_all")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("macro_all")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:002b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} FocusWindow macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FocusWindow}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FocusWindow}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} focus, changing;FocusWindow macro;macros,;macros, FocusWindow}
\b\fs24 FocusWindow macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 FocusWindow(\plain\f1\fs16 window-name\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Changes the focus to the specified window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1695\ri125\fi-1575\brdrb\brdrs\tx1695 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1695\ri125\fi-1575\tx1695 window-name\tab Specifies the name of the window that should receive the focus. The name "main" is reserved for the main Help window. For secondary windows, the window name is defined in the [WINDOWS] section of the project file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1695 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1695 \plain\f1\fs16 This macro is ignored if the specified window does not exist.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1695 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1695 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro changes the focus to the secondary window \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 keys\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1 :
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab FocusWindow(keys)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_WINDOW;macro_all;CloseSecondarys;CloseWindow;PositionWindow;UpdateWindow;WINDOWS")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_WINDOW;macro_all;CloseSecondarys;CloseWindow;PositionWindow;UpdateWindow;WINDOWS")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:002c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Generate macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Generate}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} Generate}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Generate macro;macros,;macros, Generate;messages;messages, posting to active Help window}
\b\fs24 Generate macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 Generate(\plain\f1\fs16 message\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0wParam\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0lParam\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Posts a message to the currently active Help window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 message\tab Specifies a message to send to the currently active Help window.
\par wParam\tab Specifies the first argument of the message.
\par lParam\tab Specifies the second argument of the message.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The Generate macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("macro_all;helpontop")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("macro_all;helpontop")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:002d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} GoToMark macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} GoToMark}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} GoToMark}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} GoToMark macro;jumps;jumps, to text markers;macros,;macros, GoToMark;text markers}
\b\fs24 GotoMark macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 GotoMark(\plain\f1\fs16 marker-text\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Jumps to a marker set by the SaveMark macro.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 marker-text\tab Specifies a text marker previously defined by the SaveMark macro.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp displays an error message if the specified text marker does not exist.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro jumps to the marker \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 Managing Memory\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  if it has been previously set.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab IfThen("Managing Memory", GotoMark(Managing Memory))
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER;macro_all;DeleteMark;IsMark;IsNotMark;SaveMark")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER;macro_all;DeleteMark;IsMark;IsNotMark;SaveMark")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:002e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} HelpOn macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HelpOn}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HelpOn}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HelpOn macro;macros,;macros, HelpOn}
\b\fs24 HelpOn macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 HelpOn()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the Help file for the WinHelp program. The macro carries out the same action as pressing F1 in WinHelp.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;JumpHelpOn ")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;JumpHelpOn ")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:002f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} HelpOnTop macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HelpOnTop}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HelpOnTop}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HelpOnTop macro;macros,;macros, HelpOnTop;on-top state;windows,;windows, on-top state}
\b\fs24 HelpOnTop macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 HelpOnTop()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Toggles the authored on-top state of a Help window.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 A Help window can have three states:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1255\ri125\fi-1145\tx295\tx1255 Default\tab Authored as part of the window definition in the project file
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li1255\ri125\fi-1145\tx295\tx1255 On Top\tab Forced on
\par Not On Top\tab Forced off
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295\tx1255 The latter two states, set by the user, affect all Help windows. If the user sets either the On Top or Not On Top options (from the Options menu, the Menu button, or a context menu), the HelpOnTop macro has no effect.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295\tx1255 You can use the Generate macro to send a message to WinHelp as if the user had selected a menu command. To specify the Default option, use a value of 1470 as the message parameter in the Generate macro. To set the On Top or Not On Top options, use 1471 or 1472, respectively.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295\tx1255 In WinHelp version 4.0, the HelpOnTop macro affects only the current window.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_WINDOW;macro_all;WINDOWS")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_WINDOW;macro_all;WINDOWS")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0030}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} History macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} History}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} History}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} history list;History macro;macros,;macros, History}
\b\fs24 History macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 History()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the \ul history\plain\f1\fs16 {\v NJZ4W5} list, which shows the last 31 topics a user viewed in the main Help window since opening the file in WinHelp.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The number of topics kept in the history list can be changed by using the BACKTRACK switch in the Win.ini file.
\par WinHelp ignores this macro if it is run in a secondary window.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;Back;BACKTRACK")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;Back;BACKTRACK")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0031}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} IfThen macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IfThen}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} IfThen}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} IF macro;IfThen macro;macros,;macros, IfThen;text markers}
\b\fs24 IfThen macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 IfThen("\plain\f1\fs16 marker\b "\plain\f1\fs16 /macro\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0macro\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Runs a macro if a given marker exists or a macro returns a non-zero value.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 marker/macro\tab Specifies either a text marker previously created by using the SaveMark macro, or a macro that returns a Boolean value. If a marker is used, it must be enclosed in quotation marks. If a macro is used, it must \b not\plain\f1\fs16  be enclosed in quotation marks (so Help Workshop can distinguish between a marker and a macro).
\par macro\tab Specifies one or more macros to run if the marker exists. Separate multiple macros using colons or semicolons.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop automatically converts the IfThen\b  \plain\f1\fs16 macro to IF.\b 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro jumps to the topic whose topic ID is \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 man_mem\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  if a marker named "Managing Memory" has been set by the SaveMark macro:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab IfThen("Managing Memory", JumpId(man_mem))
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER;macro_all;DeleteMark;GotoMark;IfThenElse;IsMark;IsNotMark;Not;SaveMark")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER;macro_all;DeleteMark;GotoMark;IfThenElse;IsMark;IsNotMark;Not;SaveMark")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0032}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} IfThenElse macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IfThenElse}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} IfThenElse}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} IE macro;IfThenElse macro;macros,;macros, IfThenElse}
\b\fs24 IfThenElse macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 IfThenElse("\plain\f1\fs16 marker\b "\plain\f1\fs16 /macro\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0macro1\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0macro2\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Runs one of two macros depending on whether or not a marker exists.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 marker/macro\tab Specifies either a text marker previously created by the SaveMark macro or a macro that returns a Boolean value. If a marker is used, it must be enclosed in quotation marks. If a macro is used, it must \b not\plain\f1\fs16  be enclosed in quotation marks (so Help Workshop can distinguish between a marker and a macro).
\par macro1\tab Specifies one or more macros to run if the marker exists. Separate multiple macros using colons or semicolons.
\par macro2\tab Specifies one or more macros to run if the marker does not exist. Separate multiple macros using colons or semicolons.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop automatically converts the IfThenElse macro to IE.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro jumps to the topic whose ID is \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 mem\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  if a marker named \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 Memory\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  has been set by the SaveMark macro. If the marker does not exist, the macro jumps to the next topic in the \ul browse sequence.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1SRKR1R}
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab IfThenElse("Memory", JumpId(mem), Next())
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER;macro_all;DeleteMark;GotoMark;IfThen;IsMark;IsNotMark;Not;SaveMark")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER;macro_all;DeleteMark;GotoMark;IfThen;IsMark;IsNotMark;Not;SaveMark")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0033}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} InitMPrint macro}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} InitMPrint}
{\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} InitMPrint;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} InitMPrint macro;macros, InitMPrint;printing}
\b\fs24 InitMPrint macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 InitMPrint()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Initializes WinHelp in preparation for printing multiple topics.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 This macro displays the Printer Setup dialog box. If a user clicks OK, the InitMPrint macro returns TRUE. Otherwise, it returns FALSE. This macro should be used as the first parameter in an IfThen macro to ensure that printing multiple topics occurs only if a user clicks OK.
\par The InitMPrint macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example prints the two topics whose IDs are \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 topic_a\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  and \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 topic_b\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1 :
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab IfThen(InitMPrint(), MPrintId(topic_a): MPrintId(topic_b): EndMPrint())
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;EndMPrint;MPrintID;MPrintHash;Print")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;EndMPrint;MPrintID;MPrintHash;Print")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0034}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} InsertItem macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} InsertItem}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} InsertItem;MACROS_MENU}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} InsertItem macro;macros,;macros, InsertItem;menu items;menu items, inserting at given position}
\b\fs24 InsertItem macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 InsertItem(\plain\f1\fs16 menu-ID\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0item-ID\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0item-name\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0macro\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0position\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Inserts a menu item at a given position on an existing menu. The menu can either be one you create by using the InsertMenu macro or a standard WinHelp menu.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 menu-ID\tab Identifies either a standard WinHelp menu or a menu previously created by the ExtInsertMenu or InsertMenu macro.
\par item-ID\tab Specifies the name that WinHelp uses internally to identify the menu item.
\par item-name\tab Specifies the name that WinHelp displays on the menu for the item. This name is case-sensitive. An ampersand (&) before a character in the name identifies it as the item's accelerator.
\par macro\tab Specifies a macro or macro string to run when a user clicks the menu item. The macro must be enclosed in quotation marks. If multiple macros are specified in the project file, separate the macros by using semicolons or colons.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 position\tab Specifies the integer position of the menu item in the menu. Position 0 is the first or topmost position on the menu.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The item ID parameter can be used in a subsequent EnableItem, ExtAbleItem, DisableItem or DeleteItem macro to remove or disable the item or to change the operations that the item performs in certain topics.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 WinHelp ignores this macro if it is run in a secondary window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 The specified accelerator keys must be unique. If a key conflicts with other accelerator keys, WinHelp displays the error message "Unable to add item" and ignores the macro.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro inserts a menu item labeled \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 Tools\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  as the third item on a menu whose identifier is \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 MNU_BKS\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1 . Selecting the menu item causes a jump to a topic located in the Tls.hlp file whose topic ID is "tls1":
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab InsertItem(mnu_bks, m_tls, &Tools, JI(`tls.hlp', `tls1'), 3)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;AppendItem;ChangeItemBinding;DeleteItem;DisableItem;EnableItem;ExtAbleItem;ExtInsertItem;InsertMenu;ResetMenu;REF_STD_MENU;CONFIG")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;InsertMenu;AppendItem;ChangeItemBinding;DeleteItem;DisableItem;EnableItem;ExtAbleItem;ExtInsertItem;ResetMenu;REF_STD_MENU;CONFIG")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0035}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} InsertMenu macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} InsertMenu}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} InsertMenu;MACROS_MENU}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} InsertMenu macro;macros,;macros, InsertMenu;menus;menus, inserting in WinHelp menu bar}
\b\fs24 InsertMenu macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 InsertMenu(\plain\f1\fs16 menu-ID\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0menu-name\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0menu-position\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Inserts a new menu in the WinHelp menu bar.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1725\ri125\fi-1605\brdrb\brdrs\tx1725 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1725\ri125\fi-1605\tx1725 menu-ID\tab Specifies the name that WinHelp uses internally to identify the menu. This identifier can be used by the AppendItem, ExtInsertItem, and ExtInsertMenu macros to add macros to the menu.
\par menu-name\tab Specifies the name that WinHelp displays on the menu bar. An ampersand (&) before a character in the name identifies it as the menu's accelerator.
\par menu-position\tab Specifies the position on the menu bar of the new menu name. This parameter must be an integer. Positions are numbered from left to right, with position 0 being the left-most menu.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1725 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1725 \plain\f1\fs16 The specified accelerator keys must be unique. If a key conflicts with other accelerator keys, WinHelp displays the error message "Unable to add menu" and ignores the macro.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1725 WinHelp ignores this macro if it is run in a secondary window.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1725 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1725 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro adds a menu named \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 Utilities\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  to the WinHelp program. The label \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 Utilities\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  appears as the fourth item on the WinHelp menu bar. The user can press ALT+U to open the menu.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab InsertMenu(IDM_UTIL, &Utilities, 3)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;AppendItem;ExtInsertItem;ExtInsertMenu;ResetMenu")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;AppendItem;ExtInsertItem;ExtInsertMenu;ResetMenu")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0036}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} IsBook macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IsBook}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} IsBook;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} IsBook macro;macros,;macros, IsBook;WinHelp,;WinHelp, determining how WinHelp is running}
\b\fs24 IsBook macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 IsBook()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Determines whether WinHelp is running as a standalone system (a double-clicked book icon), or if it is being run from a program. This macro can be used as the first parameter of a IfThen or IfThenElse macro to take specific action depending on whether the current Help file is being run as a double-clicked book icon.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The IsBook macro returns a value of TRUE if WinHelp is being run as a book; otherwise, the macro returns FALSE.
\par The IsBook macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("macro_all;IfThen;IfThenElse ")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("macro_all;IfThen;IfThenElse ")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0037}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} IsMark macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IsMark}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} IsMark}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} IsMark macro;macros,;macros, IsMark;text markers}
\b\fs24 IsMark macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 IsMark(\plain\f1\fs16 marker-text\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Tests whether or not a marker that was set by the SaveMark macro exists.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 marker-text\tab Specifies a text marker that was previously created by the SaveMark macro.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The IsMark\b  \plain\f1\fs16 macro is used as a parameter in the conditional macros IfThen and IfThenElse. The IsMark macro returns TRUE if the mark exists or FALSE if it does not.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 To reverse the result of the IsMark macro, use the IsNotMark macro.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER;macro_all;IfThen;IfThenElse;IsNotMark;SaveMark")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER;macro_all;IfThen;IfThenElse;IsNotMark;SaveMark")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0038}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} IsNotMark macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IsNotMark}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} IsNotMark;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} IsNotMark macro;macros,;macros, IsNotMark;text markers}
\b\fs24 IsNotMark macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 IsNotMark("\plain\f1\fs16 marker-text\b ")\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Tests whether or not a marker that was set by the SaveMark macro exists.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 marker-text\tab Specifies a text marker that was previously created by the SaveMark macro.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The IsNotMark macro is used as a parameter in the conditional macros IfThen or IfThenElse. The IsNotMark macro returns FALSE if the mark exists or TRUE if it does not. This result is the exact opposite of the implicit IsMark macro that Help Workshop usually uses for the IfThen and IfThenElse macros.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 Help Workshop automatically converts the IsNotMacro macro to NM, which is the only form of this macro that WinHelp can use.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 The IsNotMark macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER;macro_all;IfThen;IfThenElse;IsMark;SaveMark")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER;macro_all;IfThen;IfThenElse;IsMark;SaveMark")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0039}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} JumpContents macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JumpContents}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} JumpContents}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} default topic;JumpContents macro;macros,;macros, JumpContents}
\b\fs24 JumpContents macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 JumpContents(\plain\f1\fs16 filename\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Jumps to the default (contents) topic of the specified Help file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 filename\tab Specifies the name of the destination file for the jump. If WinHelp cannot find this file, it displays an error message and does not perform the jump.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro jumps to the contents topic of the Progman.hlp file:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab JumpContents(progman.hlp)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;Contents;SetContents;HelpOn;CONTENTS_hpj")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;Contents;SetContents;HelpOn;CONTENTS_hpj")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:003a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} JumpContext macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JumpContext}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} JumpContext}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} context numbers;JC macro;JumpContext macro;macros,;macros, JumpContext}
\b\fs24 JumpContext macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 JumpContext(\plain\f1\fs16 [filename\b >\plain\f1\fs16 window-name\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 ]\'a0context-number\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Jumps to a topic identified by a context number.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\brdrb\brdrs\tx1795 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\tx1795 filename\tab Specifies the name of the destination file for the jump. This parameter is optional.
\par window-name\tab Specifies the window type in which to display the topic.
\par context-number\tab Specifies the \ul context number\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2O07FH3} of the topic in the destination file. The context number must be defined in the [MAP] section of the project file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \plain\f1\fs16 The context number is identified by an entry in the\b  \plain\f1\fs16 [MAP] section of the project file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 Help Workshop automatically converts the JumpContext macro to JC, which is the only form of this macro that WinHelp can use.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro jumps to the topic mapped to the context number 801 in the Progman.hlp file:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab JumpContext(progman.hlp, 801)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;JumpHash;JumpId;JumpKeyword;PopupContext;PopupHash;PopupId;MAP")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;JumpHash;JumpId;JumpKeyword;PopupContext;PopupHash;PopupId;MAP")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:003b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} JumpHash macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JumpHash}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} JumpHash}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} hash numbers;JH macro;JumpHash macro;macros,;macros, JumpHash}
\b\fs24 JumpHash macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 JumpHash(\plain\f1\fs16 [filename\b >\plain\f1\fs16 window-name\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 ]\'a0hash-code\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Jumps to a topic identified by a \ul hash number\plain\f1\fs16 {\v OYZM9}.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\brdrb\brdrs\tx1795 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\tx1795 filename\tab Specifies the name of the Help file containing the hash number. This optional parameter is used when jumping to a topic that is not in the current Help file.
\par window-name\tab Specifies the window type in which to display the topic.
\par hash-code\tab Specifies the hash number of the topic in the destination file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \plain\f1\fs16 You can use the Report command in Help Workshop to list the hash numbers of all the topics in a Help file. This enables you to display information about a Help file for which you have no topic, project, or contents files.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 Help Workshop automatically converts the JumpHash macro to JH.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 The JumpHash macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro displays this topic:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab JumpHash(hcw, 4104506004)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;JumpId;PopupHash;PopupId;REPORT")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;JumpId;PopupHash;REPORT")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:003c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} JumpHelpOn macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JumpHelpOn}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} JumpHelpOn}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help Topics dialog box;Help Topics dialog box, displaying;JumpHelpOn macro;macros,;macros, JumpHelpOn}
\b\fs24 JumpHelpOn macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 JumpHelpOn()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the Help Topics dialog box for the Winhlp32.hlp Help file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 In WinHelp 4.0, the JumpHelpOn macro and the HelpOn macro function identically.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("macro_all;HelpOn ")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;HelpOn ")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:003d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} JumpId macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JumpId}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} JumpId}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} JI macro;JumpId macro;macros,;macros, JumpID}
\b\fs24 JumpId macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 JumpId(\plain\f1\fs16 [filename\b >\plain\f1\fs16 window-name\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 ]\'a0topic-ID\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Jumps to the topic whose topic ID is specified.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1635\ri125\fi-1515\brdrb\brdrs\tx1635 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1635\ri125\fi-1515\tx1635 filename\tab Specifies the name of the Help file that contains the topic ID. This optional parameter is used when jumping to a topic that is not in the current Help file.
\par window-name\tab Specifies the window type in which to display the topic.
\par topic-ID\tab Specifies the ID of the topic you want to jump to.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1635 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1635 \plain\f1\fs16 When the window-name parameter is used, it must be preceded by a greater-than sign (>).
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1635 Help Workshop automatically converts the JumpId macro to JI.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1635 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1635 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro jumps to a topic with \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 another_topic\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  as its topic ID in the current Help file:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab JumpId(another_topic)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;JumpHash;JumpKeyword;JumpContext;PopupContext;PopupHash;PopupId")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;JumpHash;JumpKeyword;JumpContext;PopupContext;PopupHash;PopupId")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:003e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} JumpKeyword macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JumpKeyword}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} JumpKeyword}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} JK macro;JumpKeyword macro;macros,;macros, JumpKeyword}
\b\fs24 JumpKeyword macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 JumpKeyword(\plain\f1\fs16 [filename\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 ]\'a0keyword\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Searches for keywords specified by K-footnotes. If WinHelp finds no matches, it displays the Help Topics dialog box with the Index tab on top. If WinHelp finds one match, it displays the topic. If WinHelp finds more than one match, it displays the Topics Found dialog box and lists the topic titles.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1635\ri125\fi-1515\brdrb\brdrs\tx1635 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1635\ri125\fi-1515\tx1635 filename\tab Specifies the name of the Help file that contains the keyword. Use this optional parameter when you jump to a topic that is not in the current Help file.
\par keyword\tab Specifies one or more keywords to search for. Separate multiple keywords using a semicolon. If any keyword contains a comma, enclose the entire keyword string in quotation marks.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1635 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1635 \plain\f1\fs16 This macro is functionally equivalent to the KLink macro.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1635 Help Workshop automatically converts the JumpKeyword macro to JK.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;KLink")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;Klink")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:003f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} KLink macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KLink}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} KLink;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} KL macro;KLink macro;macros,;macros, KLink}
\b\fs24 KLink macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 KLink(\plain\f1\fs16 "keyword[\b ;\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0keyword]"[\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0type[\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0"topic-ID"[\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0window-name]]]\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Searches for keywords specified by K-footnotes.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 keyword\tab Specifies one or more keywords to search for. Separate multiple keywords using a semicolon. If any keyword contains a comma, enclose the entire keyword string in quotation marks.
\par type\tab Specifies the action to perform if one or more keywords is found. If this parameter is not specified or is zero, the default action is to display the Topics Found dialog box containing the topic title. This parameter can be one or more of the following values, separated by spaces.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2875\ri125\fi-1295\brdrb\brdrs\tx2875\tx3145 \b Value\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2875\ri125\fi-1295\tx2875\tx3145 \plain\f1\fs16 JUMP (1)\b \tab \plain\f1\fs16 Specifies that if only one topic matches any of the keywords, WinHelp should jump directly to that topic.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2875\ri125\fi-1295\tx1575\tx2875 TITLE (2)\tab Specifies that if a keyword is found in more than one Help file, WinHelp should display the title of the Help file (as specified in the contents [.cnt] file) beside the topic title in the Topics Found dialog box.
\par TEST (4)\tab Specifies that the macro should return a value indicating whether or not there is at least one match. The TestKLink macro is converted by Help Workshop into an KLink macro with this parameter.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575\tx5035 topic-ID\tab Specifies the topic to display in a pop-up window if no matches are found. If this parameter is not specified, WinHelp displays a message box with the text \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 No additional information is available\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1 . To specify a topic in a different Help file, the topic ID should end with an \plain\f0\fs16 \'91\f1 @\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1  character and the name of the Help file.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575\tx2965 window-name\tab Specifies the window type in which to display the topic. If this parameter is not specified, the window type that is specified for a topic (if one is defined) is used, or the default or current window is used. If this macro results in an interfile jump, the window type must be defined in the project file for the Help file that is being jumped to.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575\tx2965 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575\tx2965 \plain\f1\fs16 The KLink macro searches for K-keyword matches in the current Help file. If the Help file is associated with a contents file, WinHelp searches all Help files specified in the contents file (by the :Index and :Link commands) for matching K-keywords.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575\tx2965 The KLink macro is identical to the ALink macro except that it searches for K-keywords instead of A-keywords.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575\tx2965 Help Workshop automatically converts the KLink macro to KL, which is the only form of this macro that WinHelp can use.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575\tx2965 The KLink macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575\tx2965 \b Examples
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575\tx2965 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example generates a list of topics that contain the \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 network printing\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  or \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 local printing\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  keywords in K-footnotes:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab KLink(network printing; local printing)
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The following example generates a list of topics that contain the keyword \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 how_to\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  in K-footnotes and displays those topics in the Steps window:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab KLink(how_to, , , Steps)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;ALink;WINDOWS")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;ALink;WINDOWS")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0040}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Menu macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Menu}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} Menu;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} context menus;macros,;macros, menu;Menu macro;MU macro}
\b\fs24 Menu macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 Menu()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the \ul context menu\plain\f1\fs16 {\v JNVVI2} for the current Help window.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Unlike the FloatingMenu macro, the Menu macro is carried out the moment it is encountered. If the Menu macro is used in a macro string, it may be carried out before any macros that precede it.
\par If the current window has a Menu button, the menu will be displayed relative to that button. Otherwise, it will be displayed relative to the mouse position.
\par Help Workshop automatically converts the Menu macro to MU, which is the only form of this macro that WinHelp can use.
\par The Menu macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0041}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} MPrintHash macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MPrintHash}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} MPrintHash;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} hash numbers;macros,;macros, MPrintHash;MPrintHash macro;printing}
\b\fs24 MPrintHash macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 MPrintHash(\plain\f1\fs16 hash-code\b )
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Prints a topic identified by a \ul hash number.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v OYZM9} This macro must be used in conjunction with the InitMPrint and EndMPrint macros.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1835\ri125\fi-1715\brdrb\brdrs\tx1835 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1835\ri125\fi-1715\tx1835 hash-code\tab Specifies the hash number of the topic to be printed.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1835 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1835 \plain\f1\fs16 The MPrintHash macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1835 You can use the Report command in Help Workshop to list the hash numbers of all the topics in a Help file. This enables you to display information about a Help file for which you have no topic, project, or contents files.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("macro_all;MPrintID;Print;EndMPrint;InitMPrint")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("macro_all;MPrintID;Print;EndMPrint;InitMPrint")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0042}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} MPrintID macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MPrintID}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} MPrintID;new_macro}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, MPrintID;MPrintID macro;printing}
\b\fs24 MPrintID macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 MPrintID(\plain\f1\fs16 topic-ID\b )
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Prints a topic. This macro must be used in conjunction with the InitMPrint and EndMPrint macros.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1635\ri125\fi-1515\brdrb\brdrs\tx1635 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1635\ri125\fi-1515\tx1635 topic-ID\tab Specifies the ID of the topic to print.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1635 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1635 \plain\f1\fs16 The MPrintID macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("macro_all;MPrintHash;Print;EndMPrint;InitMPrint")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("macro_all;MPrintHash;Print;EndMPrint;InitMPrint")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0043}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Next macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Next}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} Next}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, Next;Next macro}
\b\fs24 Next macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 Next()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the next topic in the current \ul browse sequence\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1SRKR1R} for the Help file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If the currently displayed topic is the last topic in a browse sequence, this macro does nothing.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;BrowseButtons;Prev")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;BrowseButtons;Prev")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0044}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} NoShow macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} NoShow}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} new_macro;NoShow}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help windows;Help windows, preventing display of;macros,;macros, NoShow;NoShow macro;windows,;windows, preventing display of}
\b\fs24 NoShow macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 NoShow()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Prevents a Help window from being displayed if it has not already been displayed.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The NoShow macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_WINDOW;macro_all")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_WINDOW;macro_all")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0045}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Not macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Not}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} Not}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, Not;Not macro;text markers}
\b\fs24 Not macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 Not("\plain\f1\fs16 marker\b "\plain\f1\fs16 /macro\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Returns zero (FALSE) if the marker text specified by the SaveMark macro exists or non-zero (TRUE) if the marker text does not exist. When used with a macro, the Not macro reverses the results of the macro.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 marker/macro\tab Specifies either a text marker that was previously created by the SaveMark macro or a macro that returns a Boolean value. If a marker is used, it must be enclosed in quotation marks. If a macro is used, it must \b not\plain\f1\fs16  be enclosed in quotation marks (so Help Workshop can distinguish between a marker and a macro).
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The Not macro is used with the macros IfThen and IfThenElse.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER;macro_all;IsNotMark;ifthen;ifthenelse ")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER;macro_all;IsNotMark;ifthen;ifthenelse")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0046}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} PopupContext macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PopupContext}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PopupContext}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} context numbers;macros,;macros, PopupContext;PC macro;pop-up windows;pop-up windows, macros for displaying;PopupContext macro}
\b\fs24 PopupContext macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 PopupContext(\plain\f1\fs16 [filename\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 ]\'a0context-number\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays in a pop-up window the topic identified by a \ul context number.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2O07FH3}
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1835\ri125\fi-1715\brdrb\brdrs\tx1835 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1835\ri125\fi-1715\tx1835 filename\tab Specifies the name of the destination Help file for the jump. Use this optional parameter if the pop-up is not in the current Help file.
\par context-number\tab Specifies the context number of the topic to be displayed. The context number must be specified in the [MAP] section of the project file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1835 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1835 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop automatically converts the PopupContext macro to PC.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1835 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1835 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro displays in a pop-up window the topic mapped to the context number 801 in the Progman.hlp file:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab PopupContext(801)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;JumpContext;JumpHash;JumpId;JumpKeyword;PopupHash;PopupId;MAP;CONTENTS_hpj")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;JumpContext;JumpHash;JumpId;JumpKeyword;PopupHash;PopupId;MAP;CONTENTS_hpj")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0047}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} PopupHash macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PopupHash}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PopupHash}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} hash numbers;macros,;macros, PopupHash;pop-up windows;pop-up windows, macros for displaying;PopupHash macro}
\b\fs24 PopupHash macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 PopupHash(\plain\f1\fs16 [filename\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 ]\'a0hash-code\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays in a pop-up window the topic identified by a \ul hash number.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v OYZM9}
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1835\ri125\fi-1715\brdrb\brdrs\tx1835 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1835\ri125\fi-1715\tx1835 filename\tab Specifies the name of the destination Help file for the jump. Use this optional parameter if the pop-up is not in the current Help file.
\par hash-code\tab Specifies the hash number of the topic to be displayed.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1835 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1835 \plain\f1\fs16 You can use the Report command in Help Workshop to list the hash numbers of all the topics in a Help file. This enables you to display information about a Help file for which you have no topic, project, or contents files.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1835 The PopupHash macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1835 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1835 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro displays this topic in a pop-up window:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab PopupHash(hcw, 803830446)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;JumpHash;PopupContext;PopupId;REPORT")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;JumpHash;PopupContext;PopupId;REPORT")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0048}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} PopupId macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PopupId}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PopupId}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, PopupId;PI macro;pop-up windows;pop-up windows, macros for displaying;PopupId macro}
\b\fs24 PopupId macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 PopupId(\plain\f1\fs16 [filename\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 ]\'a0topic-ID\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays a topic in a pop-up window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1635\ri125\fi-1515\brdrb\brdrs\tx1635 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1635\ri125\fi-1515\tx1635 filename\tab Specifies the name of the Help file containing the topic ID. Use this optional parameter if the topic is not in the current Help file.
\par topic-ID\tab Specifies the ID of the topic to display.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1635 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1635 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop automatically converts the PopupId macro to PI.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1635 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1635 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro displays a topic whose ID is "another_topic" in a pop-up window:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab PopupId(another_topic)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;JumpContext;JumpHash;JumpId;JumpKeyword;PopupContext;PopupHash")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;JumpContext;JumpHash;JumpId;JumpKeyword;PopupContext;PopupHash")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0049}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} PositionWindow macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PositionWindow}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PositionWindow}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, PositionWindow;PositionWindow macro}
\b\fs24 PositionWindow macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 PositionWindow(\plain\f1\fs16 x\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0y\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0width\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0height\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0display-state\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0window-name\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Sets the size and position of a Help window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 x\tab Specifies the x-coordinate, in Help units, of the upper left corner of the window. WinHelp assumes the screen is 1024 Help units wide (regardless of resolution). For example, if the x-coordinate is 512, the left edge of the Help window is in the middle of the screen.
\par y\tab Specifies the y-coordinate, in Help units, of the upper left corner of the window. WinHelp assumes the screen is 1024 Help units high (regardless of resolution). For example, if the y-coordinate is 512, the top edge of the Help window is in the middle of the screen.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 width\tab Specifies the default width, in Help units, of the window.
\par height\tab Specifies the default height, in Help units, of the window.
\par display-state\tab Specifies how the window is sized. This parameter can be one of the following values:
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3775\ri125\fi-2155\brdrb\brdrs\tx3775 \b Value\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3775\ri125\fi-2155\tx3775 \plain\f1\fs16 SW_HIDE\tab Hides the window.
\par SW_MINIMIZE\tab Minimizes the window.
\par SW_RESTORE\tab Restores the window to its original size and position if the window is minimized or maximized.
\par SW_SHOW\tab Activates the window and displays it in its current size and position.
\par SW_SHOWMAXIMIZED\tab Activates the window and maximizes it.
\par SW_SHOWMINIMIZED\tab Activates the window and displays it minimized.
\par SW_SHOWMINNOACTIVE\tab Displays the window minimized, but WinHelp keeps the focus.
\par SW_SHOWNA\tab Displays a window in its current state, but WinHelp keeps the focus. (If the window was minimized before this call, it will stay minimized.)
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3775\ri125\fi-2155\tx3775 SW_SHOWNOACTIVATE\tab Displays a window in its most recent size and position, but WinHelp keeps the focus.
\par SW_SHOWNORMAL\tab Activates and displays the window. If the window is minimized or maximized, Windows restores it to its original size and position (same as SW_RESTORE).
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 window-name\tab Specifies the name of the window to position. The name "main" is reserved for the main Help window. For secondary windows the window name must be defined in the [WINDOWS] section of the project file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 If the window to be positioned does not exist, WinHelp ignores the macro.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 Help Workshop automatically converts the PositionWindow macro to PW.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro positions the secondary window "Samples" in the upper left corner (100, 100) with a width and height of 500 (in Help units):
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab PositionWindow(100, 100, 500, 500, NORMAL, "Samples")
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_WINDOW;macro_all;WINDOWS",0,`main')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_WINDOW;macro_all;WINDOWS",0,`main')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:004a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Prev macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Prev}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} Prev}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, Prev;Prev macro}
\b\fs24 Prev macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 Prev()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the previous topic in the \ul browse sequence\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1SRKR1R} of the Help file. If the currently displayed topic is the first in a browse sequence, this macro does nothing.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("macro_all;BrowseButtons;Next")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("macro_all;BrowseButtons;Next")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:004b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Print macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Print}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} Print}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, Print;Print macro;printing}
\b\fs24 Print macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 Print()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Sends the currently displayed topic to the printer.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("macro_all;MPrintID;EndMPrint;InitMPrint")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("macro_all;MPrintId;EndMPrint;InitMPrint")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:004c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} PrinterSetup macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PrinterSetup}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} PrinterSetup macro}
\b\fs24 PrinterSetup macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 PrinterSetup()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro is obsolete. WinHelp always displays the Print Setup dialog box before printing.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:004d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} RegisterRoutine macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} RegisterRoutine}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} RegisterRoutine}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DLLs;DLLs, registering functions within;functions, registering within DLL;macros,;macros, RegisterRoutine;RegisterRoutine macro;RR macro}
\b\fs24 RegisterRoutine macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 RegisterRoutine(\plain\f1\fs16 DLL-name\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0function-name\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0format-spec\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Registers a function within a dynamic-link library. Once registered, the function can be used the same as any WinHelp macro.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1715\ri125\fi-1595\brdrb\brdrs\tx1715 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1715\ri125\fi-1595\tx1715 DLL-name\tab Specifies the filename of the DLL. If WinHelp cannot find the library, it displays an error message.
\par function-name\tab Specifies the name of the function to run in the designated DLL.
\par format-spec\tab Specifies a string indicating the formats of parameters passed to the function. The format string must be enclosed in quotation marks. Characters in the string represent C parameter types:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3075\ri125\fi-1365\brdrb\brdrs\tx3085 \b Character\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3075\ri125\fi-1365\tx3085 U or u\tab unsigned number
\par I or i\tab signed number
\par S or s\tab string
\par v\tab type unknown\b 
\par \plain\f1\fs16 =\b \tab \plain\f1\fs16 The character previous to this one is the return type of the parameter.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3085 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3085 \plain\f1\fs16 It is recommended that you include the .dll filename extension when specifying the name of the DLL. Without the extension, WinHelp first looks through all its various folders trying to find the file exactly as specified. Only after this fails does it add the .dll extension and look through all the search paths again.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3085 Functions in 32-bit DLLs must use the _stdcall calling convention. Functions in 16-bit DLLs (which are not available when running Windows\'a0NT) must use the _pascal calling convention.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3085 Help Workshop automatically converts the RegisterRoutine macro to RR.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3085 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3085 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro registers the Windows MessageBox function:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab [CONFIG]\line
RegisterRoutine("user32.dll", "MessageBox", "USSU")
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Having registered this function, you could display a message box with a call similar to the following:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab MessageBox(hwndContext, \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 This is my message\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1 , \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 Help Message\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1 , 0)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,KL("macros, syntax;MessageBox")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!KL("macros, syntax;MessageBox")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:004e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} RemoveAccelerator macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} RemoveAccelerator}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} accelerators;RemoveAccelerator}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} accelerator keys;macros,;macros, RemoveAccelerator;RA macro;RemoveAccelerator macro}
\b\fs24 RemoveAccelerator macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 RemoveAccelerator(\plain\f1\fs16 key\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0shift-state\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Removes the assignment of a macro to an \ul accelerator key\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ABYXEJ} or key combination.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 key\tab Specifies the Windows virtual-key value. This can be a numeric digit, a quoted character (as in `A'), or one of the strings listed in the AddAccelerator macro.
\par shift-state\tab Specifies the combination of ALT, SHIFT, and CTRL keys to be used with the accelerator. This parameter may be one of the following values:
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2515\fi-935\tx2515\tx2555 NONE (0)
\par \scaps shift (1)
\par ctrl (2)
\par shift+ctrl (3)
\par alt (4)
\par alt+shift (5)
\par alt+ctrl (6)
\par shift+alt+ctrl (7)
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2515\tx2555 \plain\f1\b\fs16 Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2515\tx2555 \plain\f1\fs16 An error does not occur if this macro is used with an accelerator for which no macro was defined.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2515\tx2555 Help Workshop automatically converts the RemoveAccelerator macro to RA.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2515\tx2555 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2515\tx2555 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro disassociates a macro from the \scaps alt+shift+ctrl+f9 \plain\f1\fs16 key combination:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab RemoveAccelerator(VK_F9, SHIFT+ALT+CTRL)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_KEYBOARD;macro_all;AddAccelerator")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_KEYBOARD;macro_all;AddAccelerator")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:004f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ResetMenu macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ResetMenu}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} MACROS_MENU;ResetMenu}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, ResetMenu;menu items;menu items, resetting;menus;menus, resetting;ResetMenu macro}
\b\fs24 ResetMenu macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 ResetMenu()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Deletes all added menus and menu items, restores and enables all standard menu items, and restores the item bindings of all standard menu items to their defaults.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all ")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all ")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0050}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} SaveMark macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} SaveMark}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} SaveMark}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, SaveMark;SaveMark macro;text markers}
\b\fs24 SaveMark macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 SaveMark(\plain\f1\fs16 marker-text\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Saves the location of the currently displayed topic and the window it is displayed in and associates a text marker with that information. You can then jump to the topic in that window by using the GoToMark macro.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 marker-text\tab Specifies the text marker that identifies the topic location. If the same text is used for more than one marker, the most recently entered marker is used.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 If the marker-text was already used, the SaveMark macro replaces the information associated with the previously saved marker-text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 When the user quits WinHelp, all text markers are deleted.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 The SaveMark macro is carried out as soon as it is encountered. If you use it in a macro string, it may be carried out before any macros that precede it.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER;macro_all;IfThen;IfThenElse;DeleteMark;GotoMark;IsMark;IsNotMark;Not")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_TEXT_MARKER;macro_all;IfThen;IfThenElse;DeleteMark;GotoMark;IsMark;IsNotMark;Not")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0051}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Search macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Search}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} Search}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help Topics dialog box;Help Topics dialog box, displaying;Index tab;Index tab, displaying;macros,;macros, Search;Search macro}
\b\fs24 Search macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 Search()\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the Help Topics dialog box with the Index tab on top.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Parameters\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro does not take any parameters.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("macro_all;JumpKeyword;Finder")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("macro_all;JumpKeyword;Finder")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0052}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} SetContents macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} SetContents}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} SetContents}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} default topic;macros,;macros, SetContents;SetContents macro}
\b\fs24 SetContents macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 SetContents(\plain\f1\fs16 filename\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0context-number\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Designates a specific topic as the contents (default) topic in the specified Help file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 filename\tab Specifies the name of the Help file that contains the contents (default) topic. If WinHelp cannot find this file, it displays an error message and does not carry out the jump.
\par context number\tab Specifies the \ul context number\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2O07FH3} of the topic in the specified file. The context number must be defined in the [MAP] section of the project file. If the context number is not valid, WinHelp displays an error message.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example sets the topic mapped to the context number 801 in the Progman.hlp file as the \ul default topic.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 32JI7C9} After running this macro, any unsuccessful jump causes the topic specified by the context-number parameter to appear:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab SetContents(PROGMAN.HLP, 801)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;Contents;JumpContents;CONTENTS_hpj;MAP")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_BUTTON;macro_all;Contents;JumpContents;CONTENTS_hpj;MAP")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0053}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} SetHelpOnFile macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} SetHelpOnFile}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} SetHelpOnFile}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} SetHelpOnFile macro}
\b\fs24 SetHelpOnFile macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 SetHelpOnFile(\plain\f1\fs16 filename\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This macro is obsolete. WinHelp version 4.0 will ignore this macro.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0054}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} SetPopupColor macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} SetPopupColor}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} new_macro;SetPopupColor}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, SetPopupColor;SetPopupColor macro;SPC macro}
\b\fs24 SetPopupColor macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 SetPopupColor(\plain\f1\fs16 r\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0g\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0b\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Sets the background color for all subsequent pop-up windows.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 r\tab Specifies the red component of the color. This value is an integer in the range 0 to 255.
\par g\tab Specifies the green component of the color. This value is an integer in the range 0 to 255.
\par b\tab Specifies the blue component of the color. This value is an integer in the range 0 to 255.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 After this macro is run, the set color applies to all pop-up topics.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 Help Workshop automatically converts the SetPopupColor macro to SPC, which is the only form of this macro that WinHelp can use.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 The SetPopupColor macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro sets the background color for pop-up windows to blue:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab SetPopupColor(0, 0, 255)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_WINDOW;macro_all")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_WINDOW;macro_all")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0055}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ShellExecute macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ShellExecute}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} new_macro;ShellExecute}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, ShellExecute;opening files;printing;SE macro;ShellExecute macro}
\b\fs24 ShellExecute macro
\par \pard\keepn\keep\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 ShellExecute(\plain\f1\fs16 filename\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0[options[\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0show-flag[\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0operation[\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0path[\b ,\'a0\plain\f1\fs16 topic-id]]]]]\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Opens or prints the specified file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 filename\tab Specifies the name of the file to open.
\par options\tab Specifies parameters passed to the program when the filename parameter specifies an executable (.exe) file. If the filename parameter specifies a document file, this parameter is empty.
\par show-flag\tab Specifies how the program is shown when it is opened. If the filename parameter specifies a document file, this parameter should be zero.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3715\ri125\fi-2155\brdrb\brdrs\tx3595 \b Value\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3825\ri125\fi-2275\tx3595 \plain\f1\fs16 HIDE (0)\tab Hides the window.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3595\ri125\fi-2045\tx3595 MAXIMIZE (3)\tab Activates the window and maximizes it.
\par MINIMIZE_ACTIVATE (6)\tab Activates the window and minimizes it.
\par MINIMIZE_NOACTIVE (7)\tab Minimizes the window, but WinHelp keeps the focus.
\par NOACTIVATE (4)\tab Displays a window in its current state, but WinHelp keeps the focus. (If the window was minimized before this call, it stays minimized.)
\par NORMAL (5)\tab Activates the window and displays it in its current size and position.
\par RESTORE (9)\tab Restores the window to its original size and position if the window is minimized or maximized.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 
\par operation\tab Specifies the operation to perform. This parameter can be "open" or "opencpl" or "print". If this parameter is not specified, "open" is the default value.
\par path\tab Specifies the default folder. Use \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\'94\f1  if you do not need to specify a default folder.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 topic-id\tab Specifies the ID of the topic to display if this macro fails.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The filename can be a document file or an executable file. If it is a document file, this function opens or prints it, depending on the value of the operation parameter. If it is an executable file, this function opens it, even if the operation parameter specifies print.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 If no path is specified with the filename, WinHelp searches the following locations in the order listed:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The folder in which the Winhelp.exe program is located
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The folder that contains the current Help file
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The System subfolder in the Windows folder
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The Windows folder
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The PATH environment
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The registry
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The ShellExecute macro calls the Windows ShellExecute function.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Help Workshop automatically converts the ShellExecute macro to SE, which is the only form of this macro that WinHelp can use.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The ShellExecute macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,KL("ExecFile macro;ControlPanel macro;macros, syntax;ShellExecute")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!KL("ExecFile macro;ControlPanel macro;macros, syntax;ShellExecute")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0056}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ShortCut macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ShortCut}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} new_macro;ShortCut}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, ShortCut;ShortCut macro}
\b\fs24 ShortCut macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 ShortCut(\plain\f1\fs16 window-class\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0program[\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0wParam[\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0lParam[\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0topic-ID]]]\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Runs the specified program if it is not already running. If the specified program is running, WinHelp activates it. If the wParam parameter is specified, a WM_COMMAND message with the specified wParam and lParam values are sent to the program.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 window-class\tab Specifies the class name of a top level window of the program. WinHelp uses this class name to determine if the program is already running.
\par program\tab Specifies the executable name of the program. This is the name of the program that runs if the window class name cannot be found. The .exe extension does not need to be included.
\par wParam\tab Specifies the first argument to the WM_COMMAND message that is sent to the program. If this value is not specified, the program is started, but no message is sent and the program is not activated.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\tx1575 lParam\tab Specifies the second argument to the WM_COMMAND message.
\par topic-ID\tab Specifies the topic ID of the topic to jump to if the program cannot be found. If this parameter is not specified, WinHelp displays a message box indicating that the program could not be found. If it is specified and no filename is included, the filename specified by the :Base command in the contents (.cnt) file is used. If there is no associated contents file, the current Help file is used. To specify a specific filename, the topic ID should end with an '@' character and the name of the Help file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 If you need to include a topic ID, but do not want to send the program any messages, you can either use -1 for the wParam argument and 0 for the lParam argument, or you can simply include the commas without specifying the values for the arguments as follows:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab ShortCut(class_name, myapp, , , topic-ID)
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Some programs, such as the Microsoft Visual C++ compiler (MSVC), cannot receive a message in the same call that runs them. In this case, you must first call the ShortCut macro without specifying wParam or lParam. You can then call this macro again and send the wParam and lParam messages. Note that the second time you call this macro, you can use an empty string ("") for the program name.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Help Workshop automatically converts the ShortCut macro to SH, which is the only form of this macro that WinHelp can use.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The ShortCut macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example copies the current topic to the Clipboard, runs or activates Notepad, and pastes the text from the Clipboard into Notepad:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab CopyTopic():ShortCut(notepad, notepad, 0x0302)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("macro_all;MACRO_REF_PROGRAMS;ControlPanel;ExecFile ")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!KL("macros_all;ControlPanel;ExecFile;MACRO_REF_PROGRAMS")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0057}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} TCard macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TCard}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} new_macro;TCard}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, TCard;TCard macro;training card Help}
\b\fs24 TCard macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 TCard(\plain\f1\fs16 command\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Sends a message to the program that is invoking WinHelp as a \ul training card.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 8AINQO}
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1615\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1615\ri125\fi-1455\tx1615 command\tab Specifies one of the following commands, a numeric value, or a topic ID. If one of the following values is specified, its numeric equivalent is sent as the wParam value of the WM_TCARD message:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3065\ri125\fi-1435\brdrb\brdrs\tx3055 \b Value\tab Meaning\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3065\ri125\fi-1435\tx3055 IDABORT (3)\tab The user clicked an authorable Abort button.
\par IDCANCEL (2)\tab The user clicked an authorable Cancel button.
\par IDCLOSE (8)\b \tab \plain\f1\fs16 The user closed the training card.
\par IDHELP (9)\tab The user clicked an authorable Help button.
\par IDIGNORE (5)\tab The user clicked an authorable Ignore button.
\par IDOK (1)\tab The user clicked an authorable OK button.
\par IDNO (7)\tab The user clicked an authorable No button.
\par IDRETRY (4)\tab The user clicked an authorable Retry button.
\par IDYES (6)\tab The user clicked an authorable Yes button.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\tx3195 If a numeric value is used, the training card program is sent HELP_TCARD_DATA (16) for the wParam parameter, and the numeric value is passed as the lParam value of the WM_TCARD message.
\par If a topic ID is used, the ID is mapped to the numeric value found in the project file and it is passed to the program.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3195 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3195 \plain\f1\fs16 The TCard macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("macro_all")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("macro_all")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0058}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Test macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Test}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} new_macro;Test}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, Test;Test macro}
\b\fs24 Test macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 Test(\plain\f1\fs16 test-num\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Runs an internal WinHelp test.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 test-num\tab Specifies the testing option. This parameter can be one of the following values:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2515\ri125\fi-1075\brdrb\brdrs\tx2515 \b Value\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2515\ri125\fi-1075\tx2515 1\tab Displays all the topics in the Help file, starting with the current topic.
\par 2\tab Displays all the topics in the Help file, starting with the first topic.
\par 3\tab Continuously displays all the topics in the Help file, starting with the first topic.
\par 4\tab Displays all the topics in the Help file, starting with the first topic, and then quits.
\par 5\tab Jumps to all topics specified in the contents file excluding macros.
\par 6\tab Jumps to all topics specified in the contents file, excluding macros, and then quits.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2515\ri125\fi-1075\tx2515 7\tab Turns on Help Mode for the current instance of WinHelp only, and then launches a second instance of WinHelp on the same Help file. Both instances of WinHelp resize their windows so they can appear side-by-side and both display the first topic in the current Help file. Moving through one file (using \scaps ctrl+shift \plain\f1\fs16 commands) updates both windows. The functionality is the same as the Compare macro.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2515 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2515 \plain\f1\fs16 The Test macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("macro_all;Compare")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("macro_all;Compare")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0059}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} TestALink macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TestALink}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} new_macro;TestALink}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ALinks;ALinks, testing;macros,;macros, TestALink;TestALink macro;testing;testing, ALinks}
\b\fs24 TestALink macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 TestALink(\plain\f1\fs16 keyword[\b ;\'a0\plain\f1\fs16 keyword]\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Tests whether an ALink macro has an effective link to at least one topic.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435\tx1575 keyword\tab Specifies one or more A-keywords to search for. Separate multiple keywords using semicolons. If a keyword contains a comma, enclose the entire keyword string in quotation marks.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435\tx1575 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 If an effective link is found, TestALink returns a value of "1".
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("TestKLink;ALink;macro_all")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("TestKLink;ALink;macro_all")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:005a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} TestKLink macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TestKLink}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} new_macro;TestKLink}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} KLinks;KLinks, testing;macros,;macros, TestKLink;testing;testing, KLinks;TestKLink macro}
\b\fs24 TestKLink macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 TestKLink(\plain\f1\fs16 "keyword[\b ;\'a0\plain\f1\fs16 keyword]"\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Tests whether a KLink macro has an effective link to at least one topic.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1575 keyword\tab Specifies one or more K-keywords to search for. Separate multiple keywords using semicolons. If a keyword contains a comma, enclose the entire keyword string in quotation marks.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The TestKLink macro is typically used as the first parameter in an IfThen or IfThenElse macro.
\par Help Workshop converts this macro into a KLink macro with a TEST parameter.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macro enables or disables a SeeAlso button, depending on whether at least one topic contains a \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 print\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  keyword:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab IfThenElse(TestKLink(print), ChangeEnable(btn_seealso, KLink(print)), DisableButton(btn_seealso))
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("macro_all;KLink;TestALink")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("macro_all;KLink;TestALink")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:005b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} UncheckItem macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} UncheckItem}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} MACROS_MENU;UncheckItem}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} check marks in menu items;macros,;macros, UncheckItem;menu items;menu items, removing check mark from;UI macro;UncheckItem macro}
\b\fs24 UncheckItem macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 UncheckItem(\plain\f1\fs16 item-ID\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Removes from a menu item the check mark that was placed by the CheckItem macro.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 item-ID\tab Identifies the menu item to uncheck. The ID must have been created by the AppendItem or InsertItem macros, or must be a standard WinHelp menu item ID.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop automatically converts the UncheckItem macro to UI.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;AppendItem;InsertItem;CheckItem")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_MENU;macro_all;AppendItem;InsertItem;CheckItem")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:005c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} UpdateWindow macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} UpdateWindow}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} new_macro;UpdateWindow}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, UpdateWindow;UpdateWindow macro;UW macro}
\b\fs24 UpdateWindow macro
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 UpdateWindow(\plain\f1\fs16 [filename\b >\plain\f1\fs16 ]window-name\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0topic-ID\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Jumps to the topic with the specified topic ID in the specified window, and then returns the focus to the window that called the macro.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 filename\tab Specifies the name of the Help file to jump to, if it is not the current Help file. If specified, this parameter must be followed by a greater than sign (>).
\par window-name\tab Specifies the window type to display the topic in.
\par topic-ID\tab Specifies the ID of the topic to jump to.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 If the secondary window was not already created, the UpdateWindow macro is ignored.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 This macro is usually used in an \ul entry macro\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2BTJW15} to update the secondary window whenever the topic is shown.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 Help Workshop automatically converts the UpdateWindow macro to JW, which is the only form of this macro that WinHelp can use.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 The UpdateWindow macro is new for WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;CloseSecondarys;CloseWindow;PositionWindow;JumpId;FocusWindow")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACRO_REF_LINK;macro_all;CloseSecondarys;CloseWindow;PositionWindow;JumpId;FocusWindow")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0122}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} :Base command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4WTW.WX}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} base_cnt;CNT_REF}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Base command;contents files;contents files, :Base command}
\b\fs24 :Base command
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 :Base \plain\f1\fs16 HLP-filename[\b >\plain\f1\fs16 window-name]
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 When you specify a default filename in your contents (.cnt) file , Help Workshop adds a :base command to the file.
\par WinHelp searches the default Help file for all topics specified in the contents file, unless another filename is specified in the syntax for a topic.
\par If a :base command is specified in an included contents file, the :base command will apply only to the topic jumps in the included file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;CNT_REF')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;CNT_REF')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0123}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} :Include command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7F40X1}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CNT_REF;include_cnt}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contents files;contents files, :Include command;Include command}
\b\fs24 :Include command
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 :Include \plain\f1\fs16 cnt-filename
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 When you click the Include radio button in the Edit Contents Tab Entry dialog box, and then specify a filename, Help Workshop adds an :Include command to your contents (.cnt) file.
\par If WinHelp cannot find the file specified by the :Include command when the user opens the Help file, no error message appears. If WinHelp finds the specified file, the topics in the included contents file are added to the Contents tab at the position where the :Include command exists in the original contents file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;CNT_REF')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;CNT_REF')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0124}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} :Index command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} GYUUW9}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CNT_REF;index_cnt}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contents files;contents files, :Index command;Index command}
\b\fs24 :Index command
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 :Index \plain\f1\fs16 help_title \b =\plain\f1\fs16  HLP-filename
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 When you click the Index Files button and add a file whose keywords you want to display in your index, Help Workshop adds a :Index command to your contents (.cnt) file. This command specifies the title of the Help file and its filename. The keywords in the file appear on the Index tab and the unique words in the file appear on the Find tab.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;CNT_REF')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;CNT_REF')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0125}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} :Link command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} THDGGT}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CNT_REF;link_cnt}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contents files;contents files, :Link command;Link command}
\b\fs24 :Link command
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 :Link \plain\f1\fs16 HLP-filename
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 When you add a file using the Link Files button, Help Workshop adds a :Link command to your contents (.cnt) file. This command specifies which file(s) will be searched if a user clicks a hotspot that launches the \ul ALink\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7V8V.U} or \ul KLink\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7V8V.U} macro. Keywords in Help files specified by the :Link command do not appear on the Index tab and the unique words in the file do not appear on the Find tab.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;index_cnt')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;index_cnt')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0126}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} :Nofind command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3NBH_M_}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Nofind command}
\b\fs24 :Nofind command
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The :Nofind command specifies that no Find tab should appear in the \ul Help Topics dialog box.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v KMK38I} You cannot add a :Nofind command to your contents (.cnt) file using Help Workshop. To add a :Nofind command, use an ASCII text editor.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;CNT_REF')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;CNT_REF')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0127}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} :Tab command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DGSP21}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CNT_REF;tab_cnt}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contents files;contents files, :Tab command;Tab command}
\b\fs24 :Tab command
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 :Tab \plain\f1\fs16 tab-name \b =\plain\f1\fs16  DLL-name
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 When you add a tab using the Tabs button, Help Workshop adds a :Tab command to your contents (.cnt) file. This adds a custom tab to the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;new_tab;cnt_ref")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;new_tab;cnt_ref")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0128}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} :Title command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 10C20J6}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CNT_REF;title_cnt}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contents files;contents files, :Title command;Title command}
\b\fs24 :Title command
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 :Title\plain\f1\fs16  title
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 When you specify a default title, Help Workshop adds a :Title command to your contents (.cnt) file. This title appears on the title bar of the Help Topics dialog box, and is used for any secondary window that does not specify a title.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;CNT_REF')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;CNT_REF')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0129}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Heading statements}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TH0MHT}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} book_cnt;CNT_STMT_REF}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contents files;contents files, heading statements;heading statements in contents files}
\b\fs24 Heading statements
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 x\'a0visible-text
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 When you click the Add Above or Add Below button, click the Heading radio button, and then type text, Help Workshop adds a heading statement to your contents (.cnt) file. The heading statement specifies the text you want to display next to a book icon on the Contents tab of the \ul Help Topics dialog box.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v KMK38I}
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 x\tab Specifies an integer that denotes the level of the book. This number determines the indent level of the book when it is displayed on the Contents tab. The number 1 is the first level, 2 is the second level, and so on.
\par visible-text\tab Specifies the text that the user sees next to the book icon on the Contents tab.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 Heading statements are containers for other headings and for topics. A heading statement cannot jump to a topic or run a macro.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 You can use as many as 1023 characters in a book statement.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;topic_cnt')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;topic_cnt')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:012a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Topic statements}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} H9W6ZO}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CNT_STMT_REF;topic_cnt}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contents files;contents files, topic statements;topic statements in contents files}
\b\fs24 Topic statements
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 x\'a0visible-text = topic-ID[\b @\plain\f1\fs16 HLP-filename][\b >\plain\f1\fs16 window-name]
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 When you click the Add Above or Add Below button, click the Topic radio button, and then type a topic title and ID, Help Workshop adds a topic statement to your contents (.cnt) file. The topic statement specifies the text you want to display next to a page icon on the Contents tab of the \ul Help Topics dialog box.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v KMK38I} It also specifies which topic will appear when a user double-clicks the topic icon.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 x\tab Specifies an integer that denotes the level of the topic. This number determines the indent level of the topic when it is displayed on the Contents tab. The number 1 is the first level, 2 is the second level, and so on. This number is one higher than the book that contains the topic.
\par visible-text\tab Specifies the text that the user sees next to the page icon on the Contents tab.
\par topic-ID\tab Specifies the \ul topic ID\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7.61TY} of the topic that will appear when the user selects this item in the Contents tab.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 HLP-filename\tab Specifies the name of a Help file. This parameter must be specified only if the topic exists in a Help file other than the \ul default Help file,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2KN4_IS} which is specified by the :Base command. If you specify this parameter, it must be preceded by an at (@) sign.
\par window-name\tab Specifies the window type in which you want the topic to appear. This parameter must be specified only if you want to display the topic in a window other than the one specified by the :Base command. If you specify this parameter, it must be preceded by a greater-than (>) sign .
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 You can use as many as 1023 characters in a topic statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 You can also specify a macro in a topic statement, using the following syntax:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 \tab x\'a0visible-text\b =!\plain\f1\fs16 macro
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 For macro, substitute the macro syntax. (Use colons to separate multiple macros.) When the user selects the topic from the Contents tab, the specified macro runs. Note that when specifying a macro from a contents file, you must use the short name and specify all quotation marks and parameters.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;book_cnt;base_cnt')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;book_cnt;base_cnt')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00ea}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Project file section reference}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 19MZWVG}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HPJ_Sections}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} project files;project files, about sections in;reference to project file sections;sections in project files}
\b\fs24 project file section reference
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following table describes the sections that can be used in a project file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Section\tab Function\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 [ALIAS]\tab Aliases one or more topic IDs to a different topic ID.
\par [BAGGAGE]\tab Lists files that are to be placed within the Help file. (The Help file contains its own file system.)
\par [BITMAPS]\tab Specifies bitmap files. This section is maintained for backwards compatibility only.
\par [BUILDTAGS]\tab Specifies build tags. This section is maintained for backwards compatibility only.
\par [CONFIG]\tab Specifies author-defined menus and buttons used in the Help file and registers DLLs and DLL functions used as macros within the Help file. This section is required if the Help file uses any of these features.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 [CONFIG:name]\tab Same as the\b  \plain\f1\fs16 [CONFIG] section, but used for individual window configurations (for name, substitute the name of the window).
\par [EXCLUDE]\tab Specifies the build tags that identify the topics that should be excluded from the Help file.
\par [FILES]\tab Specifies topic (.rtf) files to be included in the build. This section is required.
\par [FONTS]\tab Specifies the fonts in topic files that are to be replaced with different fonts, point sizes, or character sets.
\par [INCLUDE]\tab Specifies the build tags that identify the topics that should be included in the Help file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 [MACROS]\tab Specifies macros to run when a user selects from the index one of the keywords listed in this section.
\par [MAP]\tab Associates topic IDs with context numbers (numeric values) that a program can use to invoke the Help file.
\par [OPTIONS]\tab Specifies options that control the build process. This section is required.
\par [WINDOWS]\tab Defines the characteristics of the main Help window and secondary window types used in the Help file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 Semicolons (;) are used to indicate a comment in the project file, except in the [MACROS] section. In all other sections, Help Workshop ignores all text from the semicolon to the end of the line on which it occurs.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;HPJ_REF')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;HPJ_REF')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00eb}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} [ALIAS] section}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} C0X909}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} ALIAS;HPJ_REF}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ALIAS section of project files;project files;project files, [ALIAS] section}
\b\fs24 [ALIAS] section
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 [ALIAS]\line
\plain\f1\fs16 context_string\b =\plain\f1\fs16 alias-topic_id
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The [ALIAS] section in your project (.hpj) file associates one set of topic IDs with an alternate set of topic IDs. Alias strings correspond to the IDs assigned by the #-footnotes in your topic (.rtf) files. If this section is included, it must precede the [MAP] section in the project file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 context_string\tab Specifies the program ID or other topic ID that you want to reassign.
\par alias-topic_id\tab Specifies the topic ID that appears in the #-footnote of the topic you want Help to recognize. An alias topic ID has the same form and follows the same conventions as a standard topic ID.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 Because topic IDs must be unique for each topic and cannot be used for any other topic in the Help project, the [ALIAS] section provides a way to reassign topic IDs that are no longer used or are invalid. For example, suppose the program defines a context string for each field in a dialog box, but your Help file only provides one topic for all the fields. You can use the [ALIAS] section to map all the program context strings to your one Help topic. In this way, no matter which field the user has selected in the dialog box, Help will display your Help topic when the user requests context-sensitive Help.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 You can also use the [ALIAS] section to combine Help topics without having to recode your files. For example, if you create a topic that replaces the information in three other topics, you could manually search through your files for invalid cross-references to the deleted topics. The easier approach, however, would be to use the [ALIAS] section to assign the name of the new topic to the deleted topics.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 You can use alias names in the [MAP] section of the project file. If you do, however, the [ALIAS] section must precede the [MAP] section.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example creates several aliases within an [ALIAS] section:
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295\tx2155 \tab [ALIAS]\line
sm_key=key_shrtcuts\line
cc_key=key_shrtcuts\line
st_key=key_shrtcuts\tab ;combined into keyboard shortcuts topic\line
clskey=us_dlog_bxs\line
maakey=us_dlog_bxs\tab ;covered in using dialog boxes topic\line
chk_key=dlogprts\line
drp_key=dlogprts\line
lst_key=dlogprts\line
opt_key=dlogprts\line
tbx_key=dlogprts\tab ;combined into parts of dialog box topic\line
frmtxt=edittxt\line
wrptxt=edittxt\line
seltxt=edittxt\tab ;covered in editing text topic
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;map')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;map')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00ec}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} [BAGGAGE] section}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} C5DOYW}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAGGAGE;HPJ_REF}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} BAGGAGE section of project files;project files;project files, [BAGGAGE] section}
\b\fs24 [BAGGAGE] section
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 [BAGGAGE]\line
\plain\f1\fs16 filename
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The [BAGGAGE] section lists files that Help Workshop stores within the Help file's internal file system. The files may then be read by a Help DLL.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Help Workshop stores all filenames listed in the [BAGGAGE] section exactly as they are typed. Baggage filenames are case-sensitive. To retrieve a baggage file, Help uses the filename without the path. This means that you must specify the filename exactly as it appears in the [BAGGAGE] section.
\par To access the data from the Help file's internal file system, WinHelp provides callback functions for DLLs so that the DLL can retrieve the appropriate data file from the Help file's [BAGGAGE] section.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The \{\-mci\'7d command automatically places its files in the baggage section of the Help file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;ROOT')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;ROOT')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00ed}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} [BITMAPS] section}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KBJP80}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BITMAPS;HPJ_REF}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} BITMAPS section of project files;project files;project files, [BITMAPS] section}
\b\fs24 [BITMAPS] section
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 [BITMAPS]\plain\f1\fs16 \line
filename.bmp
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 This section is obsolete and is maintained for backwards compatibility only. New projects should use the Bitmaps button in Help Workshop which defines one or more BMROOT statements.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BMROOT')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BMROOT')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00ee}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} BMROOT}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 0WJTWB}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BMROOT;HPJ_REF}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} BMROOT option in OPTIONS section;project files;project files, BMROOT option}
\b\fs24 BMROOT
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 BMROOT=\plain\f1\fs16 pathname
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the BMROOT option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. BMROOT provides Help Workshop with information about where to find the graphics files specified in the source files.
\par By default, Help Workshop searches for graphics files in the same folder as the project file, then in the same folder as the .rtf file that specified the graphics, and then in all folders specified by the ROOT option. The BMROOT option is necessary only if graphics files are not in one of these locations.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You can specify any number of BMROOT options.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;ROOT;BITMAPS;PRO_HPJ_BITMAP_LOCATION')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;ROOT;BITMAPS;PRO_HPJ_BITMAP_LOCATION')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00ef}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} BUILD}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} C.69DU}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BUILD;HPJ_REF}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} BUILD option in OPTIONS section;project files;project files, BUILD option}
\b\fs24 BUILD
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 BUILD=\plain\f1\fs16 expression
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the BUILD option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. You can use the BUILD option to include certain topics in and exclude them from the compiled Help file. The topics you include and exclude must contain the specified build tags. Use this option only if your topic (.rtf) files have build tags.
\par A topic contains a build tag if it includes a build tag footnote (*). Topics without build tags are always compiled, regardless of the expression in the BUILD option.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 expression\tab A logical statement that specifies which topics to include in or exclude from the build. This parameter consists of a combination of build tags (which must be specified in the [BUILDTAGS] section) and the following logical operators.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2485\ri125\fi-855\brdrb\brdrs\tx2485 \b Operator\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2485\ri125\fi-855\tx2485 ~\tab Help Workshop compiles a topic only if the tag is not present. This operator has the highest precedence; Help Workshop applies it before any other operator.
\par &\tab Help Workshop compiles a topic only if it contains both build tags used in the expression. Help Workshop applies this operator only after the ~ operator has been applied.
\par |\tab Help Workshop compiles a topic if it has at least one of the build tags used in the expression. This operator has the lowest precedence; Help Workshop applies it only after all other operators have been applied.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2485 Parentheses may be used to override operator precedence. Expressions enclosed within parentheses are always evaluated first.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2485 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2485 \plain\f1\fs16 The Help Workshop interface does not provide a way to specify the BUILD option in your project file. Instead, it provides a Build Tags tab in the Options dialog box that enables you to specify what build tags to include and exclude. These build tags are placed in the [INCLUDE] and [EXCLUDE] sections respectively. If there is an [INCLUDE] or [EXCLUDE] section in your project file when you compile a file, Help Workshop ignores any BUILD option you may have specified.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2485 To use a BUILD option instead of an [INCLUDE] or [EXCLUDE] section, you must load the project file into a text editor and add the option to the [OPTIONS] section. You must also add a [BUILDTAGS] section specifying all the build tags that you will be using.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2485 Only one BUILD option can be specified per project file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2485 Help Workshop evaluates all build expressions from left to right, using the specified precedence rules.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2485 \b Examples
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2485 \plain\f1\fs16 The following examples assume that the [BUILDTAGS] section in the Help project defines the build tags DEMO, MASTER, and TEST_BUILD. Although the following examples show several BUILD options on consecutive lines using these build tags, only one BUILD option would be allowed in the project file.
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295\tx3775 \tab BUILD=DEMO      ;Compile all topics that have the DEMO tag\line
BUILD=DEMO & MASTER      ;Compile all topics with both the DEMO and MASTER tag\line
BUILD=DEMO | MASTER      ;Compile all topics with either the DEMO or MASTER tag\line
BUILD=(DEMO | MASTER) & TEST_BUILD      ;Compile all topics that have either the DEMO or MASTER tag and also the TEST_BUILD tag\line
BUILD=~ MASTER      ;Compile all topics that do not have the MASTER tag
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;BUILDTAGS;BAS_INSERTING_BUILD_TAG')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;BUILDTAGS;BAS_INSERTING_BUILD_TAG')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00f0}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} [BUILDTAGS] section}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1K_K596}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BUILDTAGS;HPJ_REF}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} BUILDTAGS section of project files;project files;project files, [BUILDTAGS] section}
\b\fs24 [BUILDTAGS] section
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 [BUILDTAGS]\line
\plain\f1\fs16 tag
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The [BUILDTAGS] section defines the valid build tags for a Help file. Help Workshop uses the build tags to determine which topics to include or exclude when building the Help file.
\par This section is used in conjunction with the build tag footnote (*) and the BUILD option. The build tag footnote associates a particular build tag with a given topic. If the build tag is included in the [BUILDTAGS] section and defined in the BUILD expression, Help Workshop compiles the topic; otherwise, it excludes the topic from the build.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 tag\tab Specifies a build tag consisting of any combination of characters except spaces. Help Workshop strips any spaces it finds between the start of the build tag and the end of the tag. Build tags are case insensitive, so Help Workshop treats uppercase and lowercase characters as the same. Each build tag can have as many as 32 characters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 The Help Workshop interface does not provide a way to modify the [BUILDTAGS] section in your project file. To create or modify a [BUILDTAGS] section, load the project file into a text editor, and then add or edit the section.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example defines four build tags in a sample project file:
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295\tx1795 \tab [BUILDTAGS]\line
DEMO\tab ;topics to include in demo build\line
MASTER\tab ;topics to include in master Help file\line
DEBUGBUILD\tab ;topics to include in debugging build\line
TESTBUILD\tab ;topics to include in a mini-build for testing
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;BUILD;BAS_INSERTING_BUILD_TAG')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;BUILD;BAS_INSERTING_BUILD_TAG')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00f1}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} CHARSET}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 0H87TF}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CHARSET;HPJ_REF;new_hpj;translate_hpj}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} CHARSET option in OPTIONS section;project files;project files, CHARSET option}
\b\fs24 CHARSET
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 CHARSET=\plain\f1\fs16 charset-value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the CHARSET option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. CHARSET specifies the default character set to use for the fonts in the Help file.
\par If your RTF writer specifies a character set, it takes precedence over the CHARSET value. Microsoft Word for Windows versions 6.0 and later specify a character set. Earlier versions of Microsoft Word do not.
\par The CHARSET option is new.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;DEFFONT')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;DEFFONT')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00f2}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} CITATION}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2DQ_3RE}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CITATION;HPJ_REF}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} CITATION option in OPTIONS section;project files;project files, CITATION option}
\b\fs24 CITATION
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 CITATION=\plain\f1\fs16 text
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the CITATION option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. CITATION appends a citation to the end of any information (except in a context-sensitive pop-up window) that is copied or printed from the Help file. This option is commonly used to attach a copyright notice to any information in your Help file that is copied or printed. You can specify up to 2,000 characters (1,000 for DBCS languages) for the citation text.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\tab \f1 The COPYRIGHT option also displays copyright text in WinHelp's Version dialog box.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;COPYRIGHT')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;COPYRIGHT')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00f3}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} CNT}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} RB3WX}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CNT;HPJ_REF;new_hpj}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} CNT option in OPTIONS section;project files;project files, CNT option}
\b\fs24 CNT
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 CNT=\plain\f1\fs16 contents-file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the CNT option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. CNT identifies the name of the contents (.cnt) file to associate with the Help file.
\par If the [OPTIONS] section does not include a CNT option, WinHelp looks for a contents file with the same filename as the Help file (and the .cnt filename extension). If neither of these files is found, WinHelp displays the topic specified by the topic ID in the CONTENTS option.
\par The CNT option is new.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;CONTENTS_hpj')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;CONTENTS_hpj')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00f4}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} COMPRESS}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TP84WF}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} COMPRESS;HPJ_REF;new_hpj}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} COMPRESS option in OPTIONS section;project files;project files, COMPRESS option}
\b\fs24 COMPRESS
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 COMPRESS=\plain\f1\fs16 compression-level
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the COMPRESS option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. COMPRESS specifies the type of compression Help Workshop should use when compiling the Help file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1985\ri125\fi-1855\brdrb\brdrs\tx1975 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1985\ri125\fi-1855\tx1975 compression-level\tab Specifies the level of compression. The default value is 0.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3065\ri125\fi-1085\brdrb\brdrs\tx3055 \b Hex Value\tab Meaning\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3065\ri125\fi-1085\tx3055 0x00\tab Help Workshop does not compress the Help file.
\par 0x01\tab Help Workshop attempts to determine the best possible compression for the current Help file.
\par 0x02\tab Help Workshop uses Phrase compression on text.
\par 0x04\tab Help Workshop uses Hall compression on text.
\par 0x08\tab Help Workshop uses Zeck compression on text.
\par 0x10\tab Help Workshop uses RLE compression on bitmaps.
\par 0x20\tab Help Workshop uses Zeck compression on bitmaps.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3055 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3055 \plain\f1\fs16 If you specify maximum compression using Help Workshop, it will write 0x12 as the value for the COMPRESS option in your project file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3055 If you specify phrase compression, Help Workshop creates a phrase-table file that has a .ph filename extension. If Help Workshop finds an existing phrase file, it deletes the file, and then creates a new one. If you select the Use Existing Phrase (.Ph) File check box on the Compression tab in the Options dialog box, Help Workshop uses your existing phrase file. Using an existing phrase file reduces compile time, but compression is less effective.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3055 Hall compression uses the Ftsrch.dll file, which is included with Windows\'a095 and with Windows\'a0NT version 3.51.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3055 If the COMPRESS option is set to 1, HIGH, or YES, Help Workshop chooses between Hall and Phrase compression based on the size of your topic (.rtf) files. If the total size of the topic files is greater than 1\'a0MB, Help Workshop uses Hall compression. 
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;OLDKEYPHRASE;BAS_COMPRESSION')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;OLDKEYPHRASE;BAS_COMPRESSION')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00f5}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} [CONFIG] section}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Y7RK_E}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CONFIG;HPJ_REF}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} CONFIG section of project files;project files;project files, [CONFIG] section}
\b\fs24 [CONFIG] section
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 [CONFIG]\line
\plain\f1\fs16 macro
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The [CONFIG] section contains one or more WinHelp macros that are run when WinHelp opens the Help file. This section can contain macros that carry out actions, such as creating buttons or menus, and macros that register routines in external DLLs as WinHelp macros. These routines can then be used the same as WinHelp macros.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 When listing macros in the [CONFIG] section, include only one macro per line. 
\par When a Help file opens, WinHelp runs the macros listed in the [CONFIG] section in the order in which they are specified.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example registers two DLLs, creates a button, and sets the name of the How To Use Help file:
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab [CONFIG]\line
RegisterRoutine(bmp, CopyBmp, S)\line
CreateButton(btn_copyart, Copy Art, CopyBmp(`myart.bmp'))
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;MACRO_OVERVIEW;config_x')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;MACRO_OVERVIEW;config_x')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00f6}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} [CONFIG:x] section}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} UEZ6AK}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} config_x;HPJ_REF;new_hpj}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} CONFIG:x section of project files;project files;project files, [CONFIG:x] section}
\b\fs24 [CONFIG:x] section
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 [CONFIG:\plain\f1\fs16 name\b ]\line
\plain\f1\fs16 macro
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The [CONFIG:name] section contains one or more macros that are run when WinHelp opens the corresponding window.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 When listing macros in the [CONFIG:name] section, include only one macro per line. 
\par When a Help file opens, WinHelp runs the macros listed in the [CONFIG:name] section in the order in which they are specified.
\par The [CONFIG:name] section is new.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example closes all open secondary windows when the proc4 window is opened.
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab [CONFIG:proc4]\line
CloseSecondarys()
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;MACRO_OVERVIEW;config_x')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;MACRO_OVERVIEW;config_x')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00f7}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} CONTENTS}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} USV_XF}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CONTENTS_hpj;HPJ_REF}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} CONTENTS option in OPTIONS section;project files;project files, CONTENTS option}
\b\fs24 CONTENTS
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 CONTENTS=\plain\f1\fs16 topic-id
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the CONTENTS option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. CONTENTS identifies the topic ID of the \ul default topic.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 32JI7C9}WinHelp displays this topic by default if it encounters a broken jump or the associated contents file is missing.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\tab \f1 If the [OPTIONS] section does not specify a default topic, Help Workshop uses the first topic in the first topic (.rtf) file that is listed in the [FILES] section of the project file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;CNT')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;CNT')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00f8}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} COPYRIGHT}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 19V_0.K}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} COPYRIGHT;HPJ_REF}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} COPYRIGHT option in OPTIONS section;project files;project files, COPYRIGHT option}
\b\fs24 COPYRIGHT
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 COPYRIGHT=\plain\f1\fs16 copyright-notice
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the COPYRIGHT option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. COPYRIGHT places a custom copyright notice in the Version dialog box of WinHelp. WinHelp displays the notice immediately below the Microsoft copyright notice. You can specify up to 255 characters (127 for DBCS languages) as the copyright text.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;CITATION')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;CITATION')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00f9}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DBCS}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} RB4KGS}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DBCS;HPJ_REF;new_hpj;translate_hpj}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} character sets;character sets, double-byte (DBCS);DBCS option in OPTIONS section;double-byte character set;fonts,;fonts, DBCS character set;language IDs;project files;project files, DBCS option}
\b\fs24 DBCS
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 DBCS=\plain\f1\fs16 value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the DBCS option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. DBCS specifies whether the files that will be compiled use a double-byte character set (DBCS).
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop recognizes certain language IDs (LCID option) and forces the DBCS option to a particular setting, no matter how you specify it in the project file. The following language IDs force DBCS=YES.
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Identifier\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Locale\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Identifier\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Locale\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 0x0411\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Japanese\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x1004\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Singapore\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0404\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Taiwan\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0C04\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Hong Kong\cell\intbl\row
\pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 The following language IDs force DBCS=NO.
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Identifier\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Locale\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Identifier\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Locale\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 0x0409\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 American\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x042f\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Macedonia\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0C09\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Australian\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x080A\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Mexican\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0C07\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Austrian\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0819\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Moldavia\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x042D\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Basque\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0818\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Moldavia\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x080C\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Belgian\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x1801\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Morocco\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0809\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 British\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x1409\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 New Zealand\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0402\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Bulgaria\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0414\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Norwegian (Bokmal)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x1009\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Canadian\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0814\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Norwegian (Nynorsk)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x041A\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Croatian\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x2001\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Oman\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0405\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Czech\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0415\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Polish\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0406\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Danish\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0416\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Portuguese (Brazilian)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0413\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Dutch (Standard)\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0816\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Portuguese (Standard)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0C01\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Egypt\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0418\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Romania\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x040B\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Finnish\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0419\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Russian\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x040C\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 French (Standard)\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0401\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Saudi Arabia\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0C0C\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 French Canadian\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x081A\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Serbian\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0407\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 German (Standard)\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x041B\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Slovak\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x042E\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Germany\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0424\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Slovenia\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0408\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Greek\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0C0A\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Spanish (Modern Sort)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x040E\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Hungarian\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x040A\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Spanish (Traditional Sort)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x040F\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Icelandic\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0430\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Sutu\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0801\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Iraq\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x041D\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Swedish\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x1809\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Ireland\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x100C\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Swiss (French)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x040D\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Israel\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0807\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Swiss (German)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0410\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Italian (Standard)\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0810\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Swiss (Italian)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x2C01\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Jordan\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x2801\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Syria\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x3401\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Kuwait\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x041E\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Thailand\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0426\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Latvia\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0431\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Tsonga\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x3001\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Lebanon\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x041f\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Turkish\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x1001\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Libya\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x3801\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 U.A.E.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x1407\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Liechtenstein\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0422\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Ukraine\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0427\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Lithuania\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0420\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Urdu\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x140C\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Luxembourg (French)\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x0436\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Zulu\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1065\cellx2795\cellx3905\cellx5545\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 0x1007\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Luxembourg (German)\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \cell\intbl\row
\pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The DBCS option is new.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00fa}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DEFFONT}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ECK4F6}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DEFFONT;HPJ_REF;new_hpj;translate_hpj}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} default fonts;DEFFONT option in OPTIONS section;fonts,;fonts, default;project files;project files, DEFFONT option}
\b\fs24 DEFFONT
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 DEFFONT=\plain\f1\fs16 fontname, font-size, charset
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the DEFFONT option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. DEFFONT specifies the default font for the lists on the Contents, Index and Find tabs and in the Topics Found dialog box.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 fontname\tab Specifies the name of the font to use.
\par font-size\tab Specifies the point size of the font to use.
\par charset\tab Specifies the character set (CHARSET) to use.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 The DEFFONT option is new.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;CHARSET')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;CHARSET')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00fb}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ERRORLOG}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} YCLLJE}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} ERRORLOG;HPJ_REF}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ERRORLOG option in OPTIONS section;project files;project files, ERRORLOG option}
\b\fs24 ERRORLOG
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 ERRORLOG=\plain\f1\fs16 error-filename
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the ERRORLOG option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. ERRORLOG directs Help Workshop to write all messages generated during the compilation of a Help file to a log file. As it compiles, Help Workshop also displays messages on the screen.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\tab \f1 Help Workshop can display only 64K of information when it runs with Windows\'a095, and up to 1\'a0MB of information when it runs with Windows\'a0NT. However, there is no limit to the amount of information that Help Workshop can write to a log file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_COMPILE_MSG;HPJ_SECTIONS;REPORT;NOTES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_COMPILE_MSG;HPJ_SECTIONS;REPORT;NOTES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00fc}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} [FILES] section}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 379Z0EN}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FILES;HPJ_REF}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} FILES section of project files;project files;project files, [FILES] section}
\b\fs24 [FILES] section
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 [FILES]\line
\plain\f1\fs16 filename
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The [FILES] section lists all topic (.rtf) files used to create the Help file. A Help project (.hpj) file must have a [FILES] section.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can create an ASCII text file that contains a list of the topic files you want to include in a build, and then use the #include statement in the [FILES] section to specify the ASCII file.
\par The #include statement has the following syntax:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \b \tab #include \plain\f1\fs16 filename
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The filename must reside in the Help project folder, or must specify a complete path. Help Workshop does not use the INCLUDE environment variable to search for files.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Help Workshop searches for files in the project folder, in the path (if any) specified for the file, and in all folders specified by ROOT options in the [OPTIONS] section of the project file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;ROOT')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;ROOT')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00fd}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} FORCEFONT}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 24ML4CE}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FORCEFONT;HPJ_REF}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} fonts,;fonts, substituting;FORCEFONT option in OPTIONS section;project files;project files, FORCEFONT option}
\b\fs24 FORCEFONT
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 FORCEFONT=\plain\f1\fs16 fontname
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the FORCEFONT option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. FORCEFONT causes Help Workshop to substitute the specified font for any font used in your topic (.rtf) files.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The fontname can be any of the following fonts:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Arial
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Athens
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Bookman
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Courier
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Courier New
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Geneva
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Helv
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Helvetica
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab London
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Modern
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Monaco
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab MS Sans Serif
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab MS Serif
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Roman
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Times
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Times New Roman
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Tms Rmn
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;MAPFONTSIZE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;MAPFONTSIZE')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00fe}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} FTS}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} RB72W}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS;HPJ_REF;new_hpj}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} FTS option in OPTIONS section;project files;project files, FTS option}
\b\fs24 FTS
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 FTS=\plain\f1\fs16 fts-value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the FTS option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. FTS specifies what type of index file to create for the full-text search feature, which you can access using the Find tab in the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 fts-value\tab Specifies the level of information to include in the index file used by the full-text search engine. This value can be a sum of the following hex values.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3065\ri125\fi-1435\brdrb\brdrs\tx3065 \b Hex Value\tab Meaning\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3065\ri125\fi-1435\tx3065 0x01\tab Create an index file for full-text searching.
\par 0x02\tab Include untitled topics (such as context-sensitive Help topics) in the index file.
\par 0x04\tab Include information to support phrase searching.
\par 0x08\tab Include information to provide feedback on phrase searches.
\par 0x10\tab Include information to support similarity searches.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3065 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3065 \plain\f1\fs16 The FTS option is new.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00ff}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} HCW}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2OLG6TE}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HCW;HPJ_REF;new_hpj}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} project files;project files, HCW option}
\b\fs24 HCW
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 HCW=\plain\f1\fs16 value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The HCW option is specified in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. This option is reserved for use by Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0100}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} HLP}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} RB8UT}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HLP;HPJ_REF;new_hpj}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HLP option in OPTIONS section;project files;project files, HLP option}
\b\fs24 HLP
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 HLP=\plain\f1\fs16 help-file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the HLP option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. HLP identifies the name of the Help (.hlp) file to compile.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If the [OPTIONS] section does not include an HLP option, Help Workshop creates an .hlp file that has the same filename as the current project file.
\par The HLP option is new.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0101}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} INDEX_SEPARATORS}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2A9VNJZ}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HPJ_REF;INDEX_SEPARATORS;new_hpj;translate_hpj}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} INDEX_SEPARATORS option;project files;project files, INDEX_SEPARATORS option}
\b\fs24 INDEX_SEPARATORS
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 INDEX_SEPARATORS="\plain\f1\fs16 separators\b "\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the INDEX_SEPARATORS option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project file. INDEX_SEPARATORS identifies the characters WinHelp uses to delineate separate keyword entries.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 separators\tab Specifies the character used to separate keywords in an entry (for example, "keywords, entering") and the character used to separate entries in a list. If this option is not used, the default comma and colon values (",:") are used.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 The INDEX_SEPARATORS option is new.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0102}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} LCID}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} RB.LMD}
{\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HPJ_REF;LCID;new_hpj;translate_hpj}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} LCID option in OPTIONS section;project files;project files, LCID option}
\b\fs24 LCID
\par \pard\keepn\keep\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 LCID=\plain\f1\fs16 language\'a0case-insensitive\'a0case-sensitive
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the LCID option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project file. LCID specifies the language of the Help file. This information is used when sorting keywords in the index, and determines what character to use for curly quotes.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 language\tab Specifies the hex value of the language on which to base sorting. This parameter can have only one value.
\par case-sensitive\tab Specifies the bit flags for ignoring non-spacing marks and symbols in case-sensitive text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3065\ri125\fi-1435\brdrb\brdrs\tx3065 \b Hex Value\tab Meaning\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3065\ri125\fi-1435\tx3065 0x2\tab Ignore non-spacing marks.
\par 0x4\tab Ignore punctuation.
\par 0x6\tab Ignore non-spacing marks and symbols.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 case-insensitive\tab Specifies the bit flags for ignoring non-spacing marks and symbols in text that is not case-sensitive.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3065\ri125\fi-1435\brdrb\brdrs\tx3065 \b Hex Value\tab Meaning\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3065\ri125\fi-1435\tx3065 0x2\tab Ignore non-spacing marks.
\par 0x4\tab Ignore punctuation.
\par 0x6\tab Ignore non-spacing marks and symbols.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3065 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3065 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b LCID\plain\f1\fs16  option is new.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;BAS_TRANSLATING')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;BAS_TRANSLATING')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0103}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} [MACROS] section}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 17TGWCQ}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HPJ_REF;MACROS;new_hpj}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} MACROS section of project files;project files;project files, [MACROS] section}
\b\fs24 [MACROS] section
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 [MACROS]\line
\plain\f1\fs16 keyword[;keyword1]\line
macro[;macro1]\line
title
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The\b  \plain\f1\fs16 [MACROS] section associates macros with keywords. These macros run when a user selects the specified keyword in the index.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 keyword\tab Specifies the keyword or keywords to associate with the macro(s) on the following line. Use semicolons to separate keywords.
\par macro\tab Specifies which macro to run when a keyword from the preceding line is selected in the index. Separate multiple macros using colons.
\par title\tab Specifies the title to display in the Topics Found dialog box when the selected keyword is linked to two or more Help topics. If no title is to display, leave this line blank. Title text is limited to 255 characters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop uses semicolons as keyword and macro delimiters in the [MACROS] section, so you cannot use comments in this section.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 There is no limit to the number of three-line keyword macro definitions you can specify in this section, however you cannot use the same keyword more than once.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 You cannot include a file in the [MACROS] section. If you want to include a list of keyword macro definitions, you must include a file (at the end of the [OPTIONS] section) that also contains the [MACROS] section heading.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 It is strongly recommended that you use only Help Workshop to create or modify the [MACROS] section.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 The [MACROS] section is new.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0104}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} [MAP] section}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} RB_JT}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HPJ_REF;MAP}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} MAP section of project files;project files;project files, [MAP] section}
\b\fs24 [MAP] section
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 [MAP]\line
\plain\f1\fs16 topic-id          numeric value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The [MAP] section associates topic IDs (or aliases) with context numbers for context-sensitive Help. The context number corresponds to a value the parent program passes to WinHelp to display a particular topic.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 topic-id\tab Specifies the topic ID of a topic in the Help file. The ID can be any combination of characters, except spaces, and must also be specified in a topic ID footnote (#) in some topic in the Help file.
\par numeric value\tab Specifies the context number to associate with the topic ID. If the number begins with a digit other than zero (0), Help Workshop interprets it as decimal. If it begins with a zero (0) followed by the letter X, it is interpreted as hexadecimal. If it begins with a zero (0) followed by a digit, it is interpreted as octal.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 You must use at least one space or tab between the context number and the topic ID. You can precede the topic ID with #define as in:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab #define IDH_MYHELP\tab 12
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 You can include C header files in the [MAP] section using the #include statement as in:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab #include myhelp.h
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 When you include a C header file, observe the following:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You can use C-style comments (/* and */). The comments can occur anywhere in the line as in:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab #define topic-id    context-number     /* comment */
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You can use C++-style comments (//) with the #define statement. Everything from // to the end of the line will be ignored.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Help Workshop supports 32-bit constants in #define statements. It also accepts (as 32-bit constants) numbers that end with L and are accepted by the C compiler for a long constant:
\par \tab #define vscroll      1234000L
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Help Workshop does not perform arithmetic on the object of the #define statement. It does not support the following forms of #define:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab #define A  1\line
#define B  (A+1)\line
#define C  (A+2)
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Help Workshop accepts only #define statements; it does not support other forms such as #ifdef and #endif.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;ALIAS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;ALIAS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0105}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} MAPFONTSIZE}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 12DOBQV}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HPJ_REF;MAPFONTSIZE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} fonts,;fonts, mapping;MAPFONTSIZE option of project files;project files;project files, MAPFONTSIZE option}
\b\fs24 MAPFONTSIZE
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 MAPFONTSIZE=\plain\f1\fs16 m[-n]:p
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the MAPFONTSIZE option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. MAPFONTSIZE maps the font sizes specified in topic (.rtf) files to different sizes when they are displayed in the Help window. You can use one font size in your topic files and have Help Workshop change the font so that it is a different size when the Help topic is displayed. 
\par This option is especially useful if there is a significant size difference between the authoring display and the intended user display.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 m[-n]\tab Specifies the size of the source font. This parameter is either a single point size or a range of point sizes, as indicated by the optional parameter n, which specifies a font range to be mapped. A range of point sizes consists of the low and high point sizes separated by a hyphen (-). If a range is specified, all fonts in the range are changed to the size specified by the p parameter.
\par p\tab Specifies the size of the desired font for the Help file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 Although you can specify as many as five font ranges in the\b  \plain\f1\fs16 [OPTIONS] section of the project file, you can map only one font size or range with each MAPFONTSIZE statement. If you include more than one MAPFONTSIZE statement, the source font size or range that is specified in subsequent statements cannot overlap previous mappings.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b Examples
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example illustrates a correct use of the MAPFONTSIZE option, using two statements, in a project file:
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab [OPTIONS]\line
MAPFONTSIZE=8:12            ; display all 8 pt. fonts as 12 pt.\line
MAPFONTSIZE=12-24:16     ; display fonts from 12 to 24 pts. as 16 pt.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The following two statements show an incorrect use of the MAPFONTSIZE option because the second statement contains a point size already mapped in the preceding statement (14 falls in the 12-24 range):
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab [OPTIONS]\line
MAPFONTSIZE=12-24:16\line
MAPFONTSIZE=14:20
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;FORCEFONT')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;FORCEFONT')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0106}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} MULTIKEY}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} K.Z2KQ}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HPJ_REF;MULTIKEY}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} alternate index;footnotes;footnotes, specifying alternate character for keyword footnotes;index,;index, alternate;keyword table, alternate;MULTIKEY option in OPTIONS section;project files;project files, MULTIKEY option}
\b\fs24 MULTIKEY
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 MULTIKEY=\plain\f1\fs16 footnote-character
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the MULTIKEY option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project file. MULTIKEY specifies the footnote character to use for an alternate keyword table in the index. An alternate index can be accessed only when a program calls the WinHelp API using the HELP_MULTIKEY command.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1885\ri125\fi-1755\brdrb\brdrs\tx1885 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1885\ri125\fi-1755\tx1885 footnote-character\tab Specifies the case-sensitive letter to be used for the keyword footnote.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1885 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1885 \plain\f1\fs16 You can use any alphanumeric character for a keyword table except K, k, A, or a; these are reserved for Help's standard and ALink keyword tables. There is an absolute limit of five keyword tables, including the standard K-keyword table and the A-keyword table.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1885 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1885 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example illustrates how to enable the letter L for a keyword-table footnote:
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab MULTIKEY=L
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;ALink;KLink')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;ALink;KLink')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0107}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} NOTES}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 15Q.CUI}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HPJ_REF;new_hpj;NOTES}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} NOTES option in OPTIONS section;project files;project files, NOTES option}
\b\fs24 NOTES
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 NOTES=\plain\f1\fs16 [\b 0\plain\f1\fs16  | \b 1\plain\f1\fs16  | \b yes\plain\f1\fs16  | \b no\plain\f1\fs16 ]
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the NOTES option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. NOTES specifies whether Help Workshop should display notes while compiling the Help file. Notes are messages Help Workshop displays when it encounters problems that may or may not adversely affect your Help file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The NOTES option is new.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;REPORT;ERRORLOG')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;REPORT;ERRORLOG')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0108}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} OLDKEYPHRASE}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4_QY9B}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HPJ_REF;OLDKEYPHRASE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} OLDKEYPHRASE option in OPTIONS section;project files;project files, OLDKEYPHRASE option}
\b\fs24 OLDKEYPHRASE
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 OLDKEYPHRASE=\plain\f1\fs16 value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the OLDKEYPHRASE option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. OLDKEYPHRASE specifies whether an existing key-phrase file should be used when compressing a Help file with phrase compression.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 value\tab If this value is YES, the existing phrase (.ph) file is used for phrase compression. If this value is NO, a new .ph file is created during the build. The default value is NO.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 If you specify phrase compression, Help Workshop creates a phrase-table file that has a .ph filename extension. If Help Workshop finds an existing phrase file, it deletes the file, and then creates a new one \'97 unless OLDKEYPHRASE=YES is specified in your project file. If it is, Help Workshop uses your existing phrase file. Using an existing phrase file reduces compile time, but compression is less effective.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;COMPRESS;BAS_COMPRESSION')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;COMPRESS;BAS_COMPRESSION')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0109}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} [OPTIONS] section}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 20PR0VW}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HPJ_REF;new_hpj;OPTIONS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} OPTIONS section of project files;project files;project files, [OPTIONS] section}
\b\fs24 [OPTIONS] section
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 [OPTIONS]\line
\plain\f1\fs16 option
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The [OPTIONS] section includes options that control how a Help file is compiled and what feedback the compilation process displays. This section, along with the [FILES] section, is required in all project (.hpj) files. This section should be placed first in the project file so that the options apply during the entire compilation process.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 option\tab Specifies one or more of the following project-file options.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3595\ri125\fi-1965\brdrb\brdrs\tx3595 \b Option\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3595\ri125\fi-1965\tx3595 \uldb BMROOT\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 0WJTWB}\tab Specifies the folder that contains the bitmap files named in \{\-bmc\'7d, \{\-bml\'7d, and \{\-bmr\'7d references in the topic (.rtf) files.
\par \uldb BUILD\plain\f1\fs16 {\v C.69DU}\tab Determines which topics to include in the build.
\par \uldb CHARSET\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 0H87TF}\tab Specifies the default character set.
\par \uldb CITATION\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2DQ_3RE}\tab Adds a citation to the end of any text copied or printed from the Help file.
\par \uldb COMPRESS\plain\f1\fs16 {\v TP84WF}\tab Specifies how the Help file should be compressed.
\par \uldb CONTENTS\plain\f1\fs16 {\v USV_XF}\tab Specifies the default topic ID.
\par \uldb CNT\plain\f1\fs16 {\v RB3WX}\tab Specifies the name of the Help file's contents (.cnt) file.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3595\ri125\fi-1965\tx3595 \uldb COPYRIGHT\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 19V_0.K}\tab Adds a unique copyright message for the Help file to WinHelp's Version dialog box.
\par \uldb DBCS\plain\f1\fs16 {\v RB4KGS}\tab Specifies whether topic files use a double-byte character set.
\par \uldb DEFFONT\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ECK4F6}\tab Specifies the default font used in WinHelp text boxes.
\par \uldb ERRORLOG\plain\f1\fs16 {\v YCLLJE}\tab Saves compilation messages in a file during the build.
\par \uldb FORCEFONT\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 24ML4CE}\tab Forces all authored fonts in topic files to appear in a different font when displayed in the Help file.
\par \uldb FTS\plain\f1\fs16 {\v RB72W}\tab Specifies what level of information to include (if any) in the index file for full-text searching.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3595\ri125\fi-1965\tx3595 \uldb HCW\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2OLG6TE}\tab Reserved for use by Help Workshop.
\par \uldb HLP\plain\f1\fs16 {\v RB8UT}\tab Specifies the name of the Help (.hlp) file to create.
\par \uldb INDEX_SEPARATORS\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2A9VNJZ}\tab Specifies the characters WinHelp uses to identify first- and second-level index entries.
\par \uldb LCID\plain\f1\fs16 {\v RB.LMD}\tab Specifies the language of the Help file.
\par \uldb MAPFONTSIZE\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12DOBQV}\tab Maps a font size in the topic file to a different font size in the compiled Help file.
\par \uldb MULTIKEY\plain\f1\fs16 {\v K.Z2KQ}\tab Specifies an alternate keyword table to use for mapping topics.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3595\ri125\fi-1965\tx3595 \uldb NOTES\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 15Q.CUI}\tab Specifies whether Help Workshop should display notes. 
\par \uldb OLDKEYPHRASE\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4_QY9B}\tab Specifies whether Help Workshop should use the existing key phrase table or create a new one during compilation.
\par \uldb REPLACE\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 06VZSZ}\tab Specifies a path prefix to replace and its replacement.
\par \uldb REPORT\plain\f1\fs16 {\v JOHTZB}\tab Controls the display of messages during the build process.
\par \uldb ROOT\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 596Y.D}\tab Specifies the folders that contain the topic files listed in the [FILES] section.
\par \uldb TMPDIR\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2NHAHAE}\tab Specifies the folder in which to place the temporary files that are created while compiling the Help file.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3595\ri125\fi-1965\tx3595 \uldb TITLE\plain\f1\fs16 {\v CMUDDV}\tab Specifies the text that appears in the title bar of the Help window when the file is open.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3595 \b Comment
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3595 \plain\f1\fs16 Most of these options can appear in any order within the [OPTIONS] section. If used, the REPLACE option must come before the ROOT or BMROOT options.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;BMROOT;BUILD;CHARSET;CITATION;COMPRESS;CONTENTS_hpj;CNT;COPYRIGHT;DBCS;DEFFONT;ERRORLOG;FORCEFONT;FTS;HCW;HLP;ICON;INDEX_SEPARATORS;LANGUAGE;LCID;MAPFONTSIZE;MULTIKEY;NOTES;OLDKEYPHRASE;OPTCDROM;REPLACE;REPORT;ROOT;TMPDIR;TITLE;VERSION")\}  \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;BMROOT;BUILD;CHARSET;CITATION;COMPRESS;CONTENTS_hpj;CNT;COPYRIGHT;DBCS;DEFFONT;ERRORLOG;FORCEFONT;FTS;HCW;HLP;ICON;INDEX_SEPARATORS;LANGUAGE;LCID;MAPFONTSIZE;MULTIKEY;NOTES;OLDKEYPHRASE;OPTCDROM;REPLACE;REPORT;ROOT;TMPDIR;TITLE;VERSION")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:010a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} REPLACE}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 06VZSZ}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HPJ_REF;new_hpj;REPLACE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} project files;project files, REPLACE option;REPLACE option in OPTIONS section}
\b\fs24 REPLACE
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 REPLACE=\plain\f1\fs16 old-prefix \b =\plain\f1\fs16  new-prefix
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the REPLACE option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. REPLACE replaces pathname prefixes with a new prefix. If any specified files (for example, topic and bitmap files) move to a different server or folder, you need to update only this parameter. You do not have to edit pathnames in the project file or in included files.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 old-prefix\tab Specifies the pathname prefix to replace.
\par new-prefix\tab Specifies the new prefix to use in place of the old prefix.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 This command is not necessary if all files have been specified using path relative to the location of the project file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 The pathname in either prefix can be a UNC path, a drive letter, or a relative path.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 When used in a project file, the REPLACE option must come before any path specification, such as those specified in a ROOT or BMROOT option.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 The REPLACE option is new.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example replaces the current local path to topic files with a network path.
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab REPLACE=c:\'5cgeorges\'5cproject=\'5c\'5cserver\'5cshare\'5cgeorges\'5cproject
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:010b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} REPORT}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JOHTZB}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HPJ_REF;REPORT}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} project files;project files, REPORT option;REPORT option in OPTIONS section}
\b\fs24 REPORT
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 REPORT=\plain\f1\fs16 (\b yes\plain\f1\fs16  | \b no\plain\f1\fs16 )
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the REPORT option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. REPORT causes Help Workshop to display messages while it compiles a Help file. These messages indicate when Help Workshop is performing the different phases of the build, including scanning the file for compression, compiling the file, verifying topic IDs, and resolving jumps, keywords, and browse sequences.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 value\tab If YES, specifies that Help Workshop display progress messages on the screen during the build. The default value is YES.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 Displaying the REPORT messages slows down Help Workshop. To speed up the compile process, set the REPORT option to NO.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 If you have specified a log file, Help Workshop writes REPORT messages to it.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_COMPILE_MSG;HPJ_SECTIONS;ERRORLOG;NOTES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_COMPILE_MSG;HPJ_SECTIONS;ERRORLOG;NOTES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:010c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ROOT}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 596Y.D}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HPJ_REF;ROOT}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} project files, ROOT option;ROOT option in OPTIONS section}
\b\fs24 ROOT
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 ROOT=\plain\f1\fs16 pathname
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the ROOT option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. ROOT specifies the folder in which Help Workshop should search for the topic (.rtf) files that make up the contents of the Help file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The ROOT option also specifies paths that Help Workshop should search for files that are included (using an #include statement) in the project file.
\par If the project file does not have a BMROOT option, Help Workshop searches the folders specified in the ROOT option for bitmaps named in \{\-bmc\'7d, \{\-bml\'7d, and \{\-bmr\'7d references in the topic (.rtf) files. If the project file does not have a ROOT option or if none of the ROOT folders contain the bitmaps, the bitmap filenames must be listed in the [BITMAPS] section of the project file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following entry specifies that topic files are located on \'5c\'5cserver\'5cshare\'5crandys\'5cproject:
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab [OPTIONS]\line
ROOT=\'5c\'5cserver\'5cshare\'5crandys\'5cproject
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Given this ROOT option, topic files can be listed in the [FILES] section without specifying a path.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;BMROOT;FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;BMROOT;FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:010d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} TMPDIR}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2NHAHAE}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HPJ_REF;new_hpj;TMPDIR}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} project files;project files, TMPDIR option;TMPDIR option in OPTIONS section}
\b\fs24 TMPDIR
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 TMPDIR=\plain\f1\fs16 folder
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the TMPDIR option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. TMPDIR specifies the folder where temporary files that are created while compiling the Help file should be stored. Help Workshop usually does not create temporary files unless your Help file exceeds 8\'a0MB in size.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If the TMPDIR option is not set, Help Workshop uses the folder specified by the TEMP environment variable.
\par The TMPDIR option is new.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:010e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} TITLE}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CMUDDV}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HPJ_REF;TITLE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} project files;project files, TITLE option;TITLE option in OPTIONS section}
\b\fs24 TITLE
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 TITLE=\plain\f1\fs16 titlename
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You specify the TITLE option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project (.hpj) file. TITLE assigns a title to the Help file. The title can have up to 127 characters (63 for DBCS languages).
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp displays the text specified in the TITLE command in the:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Title bar of the Help Topics dialog box if a title was not specified in the contents file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Title bar of the main Help window whenever it displays the Help file if a caption has not already been defined for it and no title was specified in the contents file.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Topics Found dialog box if you have set up your keyword jump to display the title of the Help file with the topic title.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Version dialog box in WinHelp if the COPYRIGHT parameter was not specified in the project file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;COPYRIGHT;WINDOWS;title_cnt')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;HPJ_SECTIONS;COPYRIGHT;WINDOWS;title_cnt')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:010f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} [WINDOWS] section}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HIQAEN}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HPJ_REF;new_hpj;WINDOWS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} project files;project files, [WINDOWS] section;WINDOWS section of project files}
\b\fs24 [WINDOWS] section
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 [WINDOWS]\line
\plain\f1\fs16 window-name\b =\plain\f1\fs16 "caption", (x-coord, y-coord, width, height), state&buttons, (scrolling-RGB), (nonscrolling-RGB), state
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The [WINDOWS] section defines the size, location, and colors for the primary Help window and any secondary window types used in a Help file.
\par Help Workshop provides a simple interface for creating or editing the [WINDOWS] section. It is recommended that you use Help Workshop, rather than a text editor, to make changes to this section.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\brdrb\brdrs\tx1795 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\tx1795 window-name\tab Specifies the name of the window that uses the defined attributes. For the primary Help window, this parameter is main. For a secondary window, this parameter may be any unique name (other than main) with as many as eight characters. Any jumps that display a topic in a secondary window give this window name as part of the jump.
\par caption\tab Specifies the text that appears in the title bar of the window. The caption can have as many as 50 characters.
\par x-coord\tab Specifies the x-coordinate, in Help units, of the window's upper-left corner. The horizontal position is defined in terms of WinHelp's 0-1023 coordinate system. (Help assumes the screen is 1024 units wide, regardless of resolution. For information about how to determine actual coordinates for different video resolutions, see the Comments section below.) The x-coordinate is relative to the upper-left corner of the screen, which is 0,0.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\tx1795 y-coord\tab Specifies the y-coordinate, in Help units, of the window's upper-left corner. The vertical position is defined in terms of Help's 0-1023 coordinate system. (Help assumes the screen is 1024 units wide, regardless of resolution. For information about how to determine actual coordinates for different video resolutions, see the Comments section below.) The y-coordinate is relative to the upper-left corner of the screen, which is 0,0.
\par width\tab Specifies the window's default width in Help's 0-1023 coordinate system.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\tx1795 height\tab Specifies the window's default height in Help's 0-1023 coordinate system.
\par state&buttons\tab Specifies whether the window is displayed maximized, and defines the buttons to display in the window's button bar, if any. This parameter is a sum of one or more of the following values.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3065\ri125\fi-1265\brdrb\brdrs\tx3065 \b Hex Value\tab Meaning\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3065\ri125\fi-1265\tx3065 0x0001\tab Maximize the window, and ignore the x-coord, y-coord, width, height, and state parameters given in the type definition.
\par 0x0004\tab Turn off the default buttons on the button bar (used only for the main Help window).
\par 0x0100\tab Add the Options button to the button bar.
\par 0x0200\tab Add the Browse buttons to the button bar.
\par 0x0400\tab Add the Contents button to the button bar.
\par 0x0800\tab Add the Index button to the button bar.
\par 0x1000\tab Add the Help Topics button to the button bar.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3065\ri125\fi-1265\tx3065 0x2000\tab Add the Print button to the button bar.
\par 0x4000\tab Add the Back button to the button bar.
\par 0x8000\tab Add the Find button to the button bar.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\tx1795 scrolling-RGB\tab Specifies the background color for the window's scrolling region. Colors are given as standard RGB values, where RRR, GGG, and BBB are three-digit numbers in the range 0 to 255 representing the red, green, and blue components of the color. If this parameter is not given, Help uses the default Windows system color specified by the end-user in Control Panel.
\par nonscrolling-RGB\tab Specifies the background color for the window's nonscrolling region (if any). Colors are given as standard RGB values, where RRR, GGG, and BBB are three-digit numbers in the range 0 to 255 representing the red, green, and blue components of the color. If this parameter is not given, Help uses the default Windows system color specified by the end-user in Control Panel.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\tx1795 state\tab Specifies whether a secondary window type stays on top of other windows. For backwards compatibility, a 1 can be used to indicate that the window is to be displayed on top of other windows. Otherwise, the parameter is the letter 'f' followed by a number representing the sum of one or more of the following values:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3065\ri125\fi-1265\brdrb\brdrs\tx3065 \b Value\tab Meaning\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3065\ri125\fi-1265\tx3065 1\tab Display the window on top of other windows.
\par 2\tab Automatically size the window vertically to match the length of the topic (not available for \b main\plain\f1\fs16  Help window).
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3065 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3065 \plain\f1\fs16 You can define as many as 255 secondary windows in a project file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3065 If no caption is specified, WinHelp displays in the title bar of the Help window the first string it finds:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The text specified in the :Title option in the contents (.cnt) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The text specified in the TITLE option in the project file.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab "Windows Help" (in a main Help window) or no text (in a secondary window).
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Help Workshop automatically combines RGB values to a single number (prefaced by the 'r' character).
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 A single comma may be substituted for an entry or a group of entries enclosed by parentheses. Preceding commas are required if you want to use the default settings. Trailing commas are optional. 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The Help coordinate system ranges from 0 through 1023 in both directions, so the vertical position plus the height must be less than or equal to 1023. Similarly, the horizontal position plus the width must be less than or equal to 1023. This 1024-by-1024 coordinate system is mapped to the horizontal and vertical resolutions of the video card. To convert from pixels to WinHelp coordinates, you invert the ratio between Help's resolution and the video resolution. Assuming the video card resolution is horizontal by vertical pixels, and the horizontal and vertical locations (or dimensions) you want are in pixels, the x-coordinate (or width), in Help coordinates, is as follows:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab x-coord = pixel location * (1024/horizontal)
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab width = number of pixels * (1024/horizontal)
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The y-coordinate (or height), in Help coordinates, is:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab y-coord = pixel location* (1024/vertical)
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab height = number of pixels * (1024/horizontal)
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 For example, if you want the window's upper-left corner to appear at horizontal pixel 320 and at vertical pixel 120, and the Help file is being displayed on a standard VGA monitor with 640 by 480 resolution, the x-coord is (320 * (1024/640)) = 512, and y-coord is (120 * (1024/480)) = 256.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW;HPJ_SECTIONS;TITLE;title_cnt')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW;HPJ_SECTIONS;TITLE;title_cnt')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:012b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} \{bmc\}, \{bml\}, \{bmr\} statements}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} J8.HV2}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} bmx}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adding;adding, bitmaps to topics;bitmaps,;bitmaps, adding to topics;bitmaps, statements;bmc statement;bmct statement;bml statement;bmlt statement;bmr statement;bmrt statement;graphics;graphics, adding to topics}
\b\fs24 \{\-bmc\'7d, \{\-bml\'7d, \{\-bmr\'7d statements
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 \{\-bm\plain\f1\fs16 x[\b t\plain\f1\fs16 ]\'a0filename1\b \'7d\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The \{\-bmx\'7d statement inserts a graphic into a topic when the Help file is compiled.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 x\tab Specifies how the graphic appears in the topic. You can specify the following characters:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\brdrb\brdrs\tx2165 \b Value\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2165\ri125\fi-555\tx2165 c\tab Aligns the bitmap as a text character on the baseline of the type in exactly the same place in the paragraph where the reference occurs. Because the bitmap is treated as text, any paragraph formatting properties assigned to the paragraph also apply to the bitmap.
\par l\tab Aligns the bitmap along the left margin. Text is aligned with the upper right corner of the bitmap and wraps along the right edge of the image.
\par r\tab Aligns the bitmap along the right margin. Text is aligned with the upper left corner of the bitmap and wraps along the left edge of the image.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 \b t\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Specifies that the white background of the graphic should be replaced by the background color of a Help topic. This character can be specified in addition to any of the other values. It can be used only with 16-color bitmaps.
\par filename\tab Specifies the name of the graphic file to include. You can include bitmaps, multiple-hotspot bitmaps (.SHG), and multiple-resolution graphic files (.MRB).
\par \tab You can specify multiple files representing different color depths for the same graphic by separating the filenames with a semicolon as in the following example:
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 \tab \{\-\'a0bmc dog_16.bmp;dog_256.bmp;dog_mono\'7d
\par \tab When the Help file is run, WinHelp checks the color capability of the user's computer and displays the appropriate graphic file.\plain\f0\fs16  \f1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the \b wd\plain\f1\fs16  parameter, which was used by previous versions of the Help compiler.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 Do not include the path with the bitmap filename. Instead, use Help Workshop to specify in your project (.hpj) file which folders contain the bitmaps that are referenced in your topic (.rtf) files.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 A \ul transparent bitmap,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v L00JF5} specified by a \{\-bmct\'7d, \{\-bmlt\'7d, or \{\-bmrt\'7d command, has its white pixels replaced by the background color of the currently active window the first time the bitmap is displayed. It will not change when the same bitmap is displayed in another window with a different color. If the background color is dithered, WinHelp will pick the solid color closest to that dither for the background of the bitmap.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Examples
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following command displays the specified bitmap at the left margin of the topic and causes Help Workshop to replace the white pixels in the graphic image with the background color of the topic:
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab \{\-bmlt\'a0 logo_sh.bmp\'7d
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL("BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS;BMROOT;SHED;MRBC")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS;BMROOT;SHED;MRBC")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:012c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} \{button\} statement}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _RDFAW}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} button}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adding;adding, buttons to Help topics;button statement;buttons,;buttons, adding to Help topics;See Also button, creating}
\b\fs24 \{\-button\'7d statement
\par \pard\keepn\keep\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 \{\-button\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0[label]\b ,\'a0\plain\f1\fs16 macro1[\b :\'a0\plain\f1\fs16 macro2\b :\'a0\plain\f1\fs16 ... \b :\'a0\plain\f1\fs16 macroN]\b \'7d\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The \{\-button\'7d reference inserts a button into the Help file and runs the specified macros when a user clicks the button.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 label\tab Specifies the label, if any, that appears on the button. You cannot define an \ul accelerator key.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ABYXEJ}
\par macro\tab Specifies one or more macros to run when a user clicks the button.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following command creates a See Also button that runs a KLink macro when the user clicks it.
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab \{\-button See Also, KLink(networks)\'7d
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("BAS_AUTH_BTN;CreateButton")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("BAS_AUTH_BTN;CreateButton")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:012d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} >\{ewc\}, \{ewl\}, \{ewr\} statements}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} J8.L52}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} ewx}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} embedded windows;windows,;windows, embedded}
\b\fs24 \{\-ewc\'7d, \{\-ewl\'7d, \{\-ewr\'7d statements
\par \pard\keepn\keep\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 \{\-ew\plain\f1\fs16 x\b \'a0\plain\f1\fs16 DLL-name\b ,\'a0\plain\f1\fs16 window-name\b ,\'a0\plain\f1\fs16 data\b \'7d\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The \{\-ewx\'7d reference creates an embedded window in the Help file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 x\tab Specifies how the graphic appears in the topic. The following characters can be specified:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\brdrb\brdrs\tx2165 \b Value\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2165\ri125\fi-555\tx2165 c\tab Aligns the window as a text character on the baseline of the type in exactly the same place in the paragraph where the reference occurs.
\par l\tab Aligns the window along the left margin.
\par r\tab Aligns the window along the right margin.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 DLL-name\tab Specifies the name of the DLL that controls the embedded window. The filename should not include an extension or be fully qualified. WinHelp will search for the file in the same locations as it searches for Help files.
\par window-name\tab Specifies the name of the embedded window class as defined in the source for the DLL.
\par data\tab Specifies an arbitrary string, which WinHelp passes to the embedded window when it creates the window. The DLL is responsible for parsing this string.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following shows an embedded window reference:
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab \{\-ewl FADE, AmfWnd, clipbrd.amf\'7d
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("embed_dll")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("embed_dll")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:012e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} \{mci\} statement}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} J8.SKN}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} mci}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adding;adding, multimedia to topics;animation;animation, adding to topics;avi files in Help topics;files,;files, .avi;mci statement;multimedia;multimedia, adding to topics;sound, adding to topics;video, adding to topics}
\b\fs24 \{\-mci\'7d statement
\par \pard\keepn\keep\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 \{\-mci\plain\f1\fs16 [\b _left\plain\f1\fs16  | \b _right\plain\f1\fs16 ]\b \'a0\plain\f1\fs16 [options\b ,\plain\f1\fs16 ]\'a0filename\b \'7d\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The \b \{\-mci\'7d\plain\f1\fs16  command inserts an .avi file into a topic.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 options\tab Specifies the options for the multimedia control window that is created. Use spaces (not commas) to specify more than one option.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2805\ri125\fi-1215\brdrb\brdrs\tx2805 \b Value\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2805\ri125\fi-1215\tx2805 EXTERNAL\tab Keeps the file outside of the Help file.
\par NOPLAYBAR\tab No playbar is shown (useful for auto-play and repeat).
\par NOMENU\tab No menu button is shown if there is a playbar.
\par REPEAT\tab The file automatically repeats when play is done.
\par PLAY\tab The file automatically plays when shown.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 filename\tab Specifies the name of the multimedia file to include in the topic.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 For WinHelp version 4.0, use this command only with .avi files. Future versions will support other multimedia formats.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 If no options are specified, a playbar appears with a menu button, and the file is not played until the user requests it.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Examples
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following command creates a multimedia control window that automatically plays the file demo.avi when the topic is shown:
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab \{\-mci PLAY, demo.avi\'7d
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("BAS_ADDING_VIDEO;BAS_ADDING_SOUND;MM_DESIGN;TMPDIR")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("BAS_ADDING_VIDEO;BAS_ADDING_SOUND;MM_DESIGN;TMPDIR")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:012f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} HCRTF command-line switches}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} EXEC_HCRTF}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} EXEC_HCRTF}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} command-line switches;compiling;compiling, from a command line;HCRTF command-line switches;Hcrtf.exe;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, command-line options}
\b\fs24 HCRTF command-line switches
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 HCRTF\'a0\plain\f1\fs16 [\b /B\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0path]\'a0[\b /O\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0HLP-filename]\'a0[\b /X\plain\f1\fs16 [\b CHNRT\plain\f1\fs16 ]]\'a0[RTF-filename]\'a0[\b /NC\plain\f1\fs16 ]\'a0[\b /XT\plain\f1\fs16 ]\'a0[HPJ-filename]
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The Hcrtf.exe program is used to compile a Help file, test a contents file, or provide information about an existing Help file. It is called automatically by the Hcw.exe program. If you run Hcrtf.exe directly, you can use the following switches:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 \b /A\tab \plain\f1\fs16 Specifies that additional information is to be added to the Help file. For version 4.0, the additional information is the topic ID of each topic and the source file the topic appears in. If the Help Author command on the File menu in Help Workshop is checked, you can display this information by clicking a topic using your right mouse button, and then clicking Topic Information.\b 
\par /B\plain\f1\fs16  path\tab Specifies the path to search for bitmaps. You can specify multiple paths with multiple /B switches.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 \b /F(C|D|F|G|H|I)\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Specifies a report command. You must use one of the listed parameters with this switch. The switch and its parameter must be followed by a space, the Help filename, another space, and the fully qualified path of the output filename. The /F switch should always be used in conjunction with a /X switch. Specify one of the following parameters with the /F switch.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2805\ri125\fi-1215\brdrb\brdrs\tx2805 \b Value\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2805\ri125\fi-1215\tx2805 \b C\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Writes all the topic titles in the Help file to the output file.
\par \b D\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Writes all the topic text in the Help file to the output file.
\par \b F\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Writes all the hash numbers in the Help file to the output file.
\par \b G\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Writes project file information in the Help file to the output file.
\par \b H\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Writes all K-keywords in the Help file to the output file.
\par \b I\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Writes all A-keywords in the Help file to the output file.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 \b /O\plain\f1\fs16  HLP-filename\tab Specifies the name of the Help file to create. Use this switch only if you are not compiling an .HPJ file.
\par \b /N\plain\f1\fs16 [\b CGW\plain\f1\fs16 ]\tab Specifies an option to turn off.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2805\ri125\fi-1215\brdrb\brdrs\tx2805 \b Value\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2805\ri125\fi-1215\tx2805 \b C\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Turns off compression, no matter what value is specified by the COMPRESS option in the project file.
\par \b G\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Prevents the animation window from appearing.
\par \b W\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Prevents the automatic creation of a window definition, if a window specified in a hotspot or macro was not defined in the project file.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 
\par \b /X\plain\f1\fs16 [\b CHNRT\plain\f1\fs16 ]\tab Specifies that there is no parent to send messages to. You can include one or more of the following parameters with the \b /X\plain\f1\fs16  switch, provided they are not separated by spaces.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2805\ri125\fi-1215\brdrb\brdrs\tx2805 \b Value\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2805\ri125\fi-1215\tx2805 \b C\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Specifies that Help Workshop should compile the RTF text on the Clipboard. This switch works only if a text editor has registered the "Rich Text Format" Clipboard format. This switch cannot be used if the /XR switch is used.
\par \b H\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Specifies that, when the compile is complete, the Help file is to be displayed in WinHelp.
\par \b N\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Specifies that the progress window should not be shown.
\par \b R\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Specifies that an .rtf file is being used instead of a project file. You cannot use this switch with the /XC switch. After all other possible switches have been specified, type one or more spaces and the name of the .rtf file.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2805\ri125\fi-1215\tx2805 \b T\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Specifies that there are no errors in the .rtf file. Some error checking will be turned off to speed up the compilation process. This switch should be used only when compilation speed is crucial. 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 RTF-filename\tab Specifies the name of the .rtf file to process. Used only when /XR has been specified.
\par HPJ-filename\tab If neither the /XC or /XR switch is specified, the file is presumed to be a project file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example would compile the Myfile.rtf topic file, producing the Test.hlp Help file for display in WinHelp:
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab hcrtf\'a0-o\'a0c:\'5ctmp\'5ctest.hlp -xhr\'a0myfile.rtf
\par \pard\sb45\sl-115\li295\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,KL("HCW command;compiling, multiple Help files;COMPRESS option")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!KL("HCW command;compiling, multiple Help files;COMPRESS option")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0130}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} HCW command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} EXEC_HCW}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} EXEC_HCW}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} command-line switches;compiling;compiling, from a command line;HCW command;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, command-line options}
\b\fs24 HCW command
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 HCW\'a0\plain\f1\fs16 [[\b /C\plain\f1\fs16 ]\'a0[\'a0\b /M\plain\f1\fs16 ]\'a0[\b /E\plain\f1\fs16 ]\'a0[\b /N\plain\f1\fs16 ]]\'a0[\b /T\plain\f1\fs16 ]\'a0[filename]
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The Hcw.exe program provides an interface to the Hcrtf.exe program.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 \b /A\tab \plain\f1\fs16 Specifies that additional information is to be added to the Help file. For version 4.0, the additional information is the topic ID of each topic and the source file the topic appears in. If the Help Author command on the File menu in Help Workshop is checked, you can display this information by clicking a topic using your right mouse button, and then clicking Topic Information.\b 
\par /C\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Starts compiling the specified project (.hpj) file or \ul Help makefile (.hmk).\plain\f1\fs16 {\v B6EHF_}
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 \b /E\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Quits the Hcw.exe program after compiling the specified file. Use this switch in conjunction with the /C or /M switch.
\par \b /M\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Minimizes the Hcw.exe program while compiling the specified project file.
\par \b /N\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Turns off compression when compiling the specified file, no matter what value is specified for the COMPRESS option in the project file(s).
\par \b /R\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Specifies that the Help file is to be displayed in WinHelp as soon as it is compiled.\b 
\par /T\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Turns on Translation mode. This limits what can be changed in a contents (.cnt) or project file. Only text that should be translated to another language can be changed. This can also be set by clicking the Translation command on Help Workshop\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 s File menu.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 filename\tab Specifies the name of one or more project, Help makefile, or contents files to open or compile.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following command compiles the New.hpj project file with no compression, minimizing the window while compiling, and adding additional information to the Help file:
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab hcw /c /m /n /a\'a0new
\par \pard\sb45\sl-115\li295\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb25\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,KL("HCRTF command;compiling, multiple Help files;COMPRESS option")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!KL("HCRTF command;compiling, multiple Help files;COMPRESS option")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0131}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} MRBC command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IDVL.A}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} MRBC}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} bitmaps,;bitmaps, multi-resolution;command-line switches;graphics;graphics, multi-resolution;metafiles;MRBC command;Mrbc.exe;multi-resolution graphics;multi-resolution graphics, compiler (mrbc.exe)}
\b\fs24 MRBC command
\par \pard\keepn\keep\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 MRBC\'a0\plain\f1\fs16 [\b /S\plain\f1\fs16 ]\'a0name.vga\'a0[name.ega,\'a0name.cga,\'a0name.851]
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The Mrbc.exe program takes your bitmaps or metafiles with different resolutions (CGA, EGA, VGA, or 8514) and combines them into a single graphic that can be compiled into a Help file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 /S\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Specifies silent mode. If you use the /S switch, the Mrbc.exe program determines the resolution of each bitmap, based on the first character of the bitmap extension. If you do not use the /S switch, the Mrbc.exe program prompts you for the resolution of each bitmap.
\par name\tab Specifies the names of the bitmaps to include in the .mrb file. Bitmap paths can be relative or absolute. Relative paths are relative to the user\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 s current folder. The Mrbc.exe program accepts * and ? as wildcards for the filenames. Note that you can specify a Windows bitmap or a SHED hypergraphic file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 The Mrbc.exe program creates an output file that has the same filename as the first bitmap on the command line but with the .mrb extension. Output files are saved in the current folder.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Files created by the Mrbc.exe program may not compress as well as .bmp files. If you want to combine bitmaps only to provide different color depth, used the \{\-bmx \'7d command in your .rtf file instead.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 Help Workshop removes the aspect ratio from .bmp files so that WinHelp will not stretch or shrink them. Because of this, it is rarely necessary to use the Mrbc.exe program.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 If you use the /S switch, the Mrbc.exe program prompts you for the monitor type of each bitmap. You supply the appropriate response, and then the Mrbc.exe program creates the output file and saves it to the current folder. The valid case-insensitive responses to the request for monitor type are CGA, EGA, VGA, and 8514.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 If you use the /S switch, MRBC uses the first character of the input file extension to determine the bitmap resolution. The following table shows how the Mrbc.exe program maps the file extensions:
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b First character\tab MRBC interpretation
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 C\tab CGA bitmap
\par E\tab EGA bitmap
\par V\tab VGA bitmap
\par 8\tab 8514 bitmap
\par other\tab VGA bitmap
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 You can specify an unlimited number of bitmaps on the command line, but the Mrbc.exe program supports only the four monitor types listed above.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 In addition to resolution, WinHelp uses color as a selection criterion. Include a color version and a monochrome version of each bitmap in the same .mrb file to ensure compatibility with both monitor types.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 The Mrbc.exe program does not check for valid matches between bitmap resolution and the specified option. Check .mrb bitmaps on the target monitors to ensure that they display correctly.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 In some cases, the drawing tool that creates bitmaps stores the resolution in the bitmap file itself. The Mrbc.exe program checks all bitmap files to determine whether the resolution is specified. If the Mrbc.exe program finds the resolution specified in the bitmap files, it uses the stored ratio instead of the one you specified and displays an informative warning message.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 The .mrb output file cannot be viewed or edited using any other graphics program.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 WinHelp considers an 8514 display to be any monitor that has 120 pixels per inch. Because some high-resolution monitors deliver 96 pixels per inch to display more inches on the screen, WinHelp uses the VGA bitmap on these devices.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 Bitmap files for high color depths may be too large to be practical. Where high color depth is important, use the \{\-bmx\'7d command or a metafile rather than a .mrb file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example creates a multi-resolution bitmap that accommodates each monitor type:
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab MRBC\'a0/S\'a0HOUSE.VGA\'a0HOUSE.EGA\'a0HOUSE.CGA\'a0HOUSE.8XX
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 MRBC creates a House.mrb file that consists of VGA, EGA, CGA, and 8514 bitmaps.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("BAS_MULT_RESOLUTION;BAS_MULT_COLOR_GRAPHICS")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("BAS_MULT_RESOLUTION;BAS_MULT_COLOR_GRAPHICS")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0132}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Winhlp32.exe command-line switches}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 00.VY.}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} winhelp_exe}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} command-line switches;WinHelp,;WinHelp, command-line switches;Winhlp32.exe command-line switches}
\b\fs24 Winhlp32.exe command-line switches
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 winhlp32.exe\'a0\plain\f1\fs16 [[\b -H\plain\f1\fs16 ]\'a0[\b -G\plain\f1\fs16 [n]]\'a0[\b -W\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0window-name]\'a0[\b -K\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0keyword]\'a0[\b -N\'a0\plain\f1\fs16 context-num]\'a0[\b -I\'a0\plain\f1\fs16 topic-id]\'a0[\b -P\plain\f1\fs16 \'a0pop-up-id]\'a0HLP-filename]
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You can use the following switches may be used when starting WinHelp:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1455\brdrb\brdrs\tx1575 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 \b -G\plain\f1\fs16 [n]\tab Creates a configuration (.gid) file and quits. If a number is specified, it determines which extensible tab to display by default the first time the Help file is opened. A value of 1 would be the first tab beyond the Find tab.
\par \b -H\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Displays the Winhlp32.hlp Help file.
\par \b -I\plain\f1\fs16  topic-id\tab Displays the Help topic with the specified the topic ID.
\par \b -K \plain\f1\fs16 keyword\tab Displays the topic identified by the specified keyword.\b 
\par -N \plain\f1\fs16 context-num\tab Displays the topic specified by the \ul context number\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2O07FH3} (defined in the [MAP] section of the project file).
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1575\ri125\fi-1445\tx1575 \b -P\plain\f1\fs16  pop-up-id\tab Displays the specified pop-up topic. You must use the -P switch in combination with the -I or -N switch, as shown in the following examples:
\par \tab WINHLP32 -P -I EXEC_WINHELP HCW.HLP
\par \tab WINHLP32 -P -N 311 MYFILE.HLP
\par \b -W\plain\f1\fs16  window-name\tab Displays the topic in the specified window definition.
\par HLP-filename\tab Specifies the Help file to display. If a name is not specified, the File Open dialog box appears.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 In Windows 95, the executable file for Winhelp has been renamed from Winhelp.exe to Winhlp32.exe. For backward compatibility reasons, Winhelp.exe still exists, but it now contains only the information necessary to start the Winhlp32.exe program.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 The -G switch should be used by Setup programs when they install a newer version of a Help file or a \ul contents file.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2GB40S} This switch causes the .gid file to be rebuilt. WinHelp will automatically build the .gid file the first time a Help file is opened \plain\f0\fs16 \'97\f1  unless the winhelp -g command has already been run on the file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1575 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example displays the topic identified by content number 12 in a pop-up. This would be typically be used when registering a What\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 s This verb for a file extension:
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab winhlp32 -p -n12 myhelp
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("GID")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("GID")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:011a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Standard Help menus}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} REF_STD_MENU}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} tables}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} REF_STD_MENU}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Bookmark menu;Edit menu;File menu;Help menu;menus;menus, Bookmark;menus, Edit;menus, File;menus, Help;menus, Options;menus, standard;Options menu;standard Help menus}
\b\fs24 Standard Help menus
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp version 4.0 has five standard menus in the main window: File, Edit, Bookmark, Options, and Help. Although you cannot modify the standard Help menus or menu items, you can add additional menu items to the menus in the following table. 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-16 \cellx1135\cellx2635\cellx4345\cellx6565\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 \b Menu/Item\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 ID\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Macro\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Description\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-16 \cellx1135\cellx2635\cellx4345\cellx6565\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16    File menu\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 mnu_file\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 None\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 None\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-16 \cellx1135\cellx2635\cellx4345\cellx6565\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Edit\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 mnu_edit\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 None\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 None\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-16 \cellx1135\cellx2635\cellx4345\cellx6565\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Options\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 mnu_options\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 None\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 None\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-16 \cellx1135\cellx2635\cellx4345\cellx6565\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Help\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 mnu_help\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 None\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 None\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-16 \cellx1135\cellx2635\cellx4345\cellx6565\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Floating \line
menu\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 mnu_floating\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 None\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Appears when you click a topic using your right mouse button.\cell\intbl\row
\pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_AUTH_BTN;REF_STD_BTN;MACRO_REF_MENU')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_AUTH_BTN;REF_STD_BTN;MACRO_REF_MENU')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:011b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Standard WinHelp buttons}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} REF_STD_BTN}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} tables}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} REF_STD_BTN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Back button;buttons,;buttons, Back button;buttons, Contents button;buttons, Find button;buttons, Help Topics button;buttons, Index button;buttons, Options button;buttons, Print button;buttons, standard;Contents button;Find button;Help Topics button;Index button;Options button;Print button;standard Help buttons}
\b\fs24 Standard WinHelp buttons
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp version 4.0 offers the following standard buttons in both main and secondary windows:
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft4 \cellx935\cellx2275\cellx3445\cellx5525\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 \b Button\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 ID\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Macro\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Description\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft4 \cellx935\cellx2275\cellx3445\cellx5525\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Contents\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 btn_contents\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 \uldb Contents\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Contents}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Displays the Contents tab in the Help Topics dialog box. If no contents (.cnt) file exists, displays the \ul default topic\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 32JI7C9}.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft4 \cellx935\cellx2275\cellx3445\cellx5525\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Index\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 btn_search\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 \uldb Search\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Search}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Displays the Index tab in the Help Topics dialog box.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft4 \cellx935\cellx2275\cellx3445\cellx5525\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Find\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 btn_find\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 \uldb Find\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Find}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Displays the Find tab in the Help Topics dialog box.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft4 \cellx935\cellx2275\cellx3445\cellx5525\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Help \line
Topics\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 btn_topics\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 \uldb Finder\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Finder}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Displays the Help Topics dialog box, with the most recently used tab on top. If you use this button, you cannot use the Contents or Index buttons.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft4 \cellx935\cellx2275\cellx3445\cellx5525\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Back\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 btn_back\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 \uldb Back\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Back}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Jumps to the topic users last displayed in the current window type. \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft4 \cellx935\cellx2275\cellx3445\cellx5525\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Options\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 btn_menu\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 \uldb Menu\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Menu}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Displays the context-sensitive menu for the current window.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft4 \cellx935\cellx2275\cellx3445\cellx5525\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Print\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 btn_print\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 \uldb Print\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Print}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Prints the current topic.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft4 \cellx935\cellx2275\cellx3445\cellx5525\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 <<\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 btn_previous\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 \uldb Prev\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Prev}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Jumps to the previous topic in the \ul browse sequence.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1SRKR1R}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft4 \cellx935\cellx2275\cellx3445\cellx5525\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 >>\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 btn_next\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 \uldb Next\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Next}\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\ri125 Jumps to the next topic in the browse sequence.\cell\intbl\row
\pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_AUTH_BTN;REF_STD_MENU;MACRO_REF_BUTTON')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_AUTH_BTN;REF_STD_MENU;MACRO_REF_BUTTON')}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} About configuration (.gid) files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3Z_._MT}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} GID}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} configuration (.gid) files;files,;files, .gid;files, about configuration (.gid) files;gid files;Help files;Help files, .gid files for;Help files, updating a family of;Help system;Help system, updating;updating a family of Help files}
\b\fs24 About configuration (.gid) files
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 A configuration (.gid) file is a hidden file that WinHelp creates when a Help file is first opened, or when a Help file is updated. A .gid file contains information about the Help file, including:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Binary representation of the contents (.cnt) file, including jumps and commands, after it has been processed. Only topics that were found during processing are stored.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The filenames and titles of all Help files included in the contents file.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Keywords from other Help files (if :Index statements were used in the contents file).
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab List of which files have full-text search index (.fts) files.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The size and location of Help windows and dialog boxes.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 WinHelp creates a .gid file for each Help file that does not have a contents file, or for each contents file \plain\f0\fs16 \'97\f1  even if that contents file is for a family of Help files.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 If a user deletes a .gid file, WinHelp creates a new one the next time the user opens the Help file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Help files on a network or CD-ROM
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 If WinHelp cannot create the .gid file in the same location as the contents file, it will try to create the .gid file in the \'5cWindows\'5cHelp folder or in the Windows folder if no Help folder exists.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 If multiple users try to build a .gid file on a network server at the same time, only the first attempt will actually create the .gid file. Other users will see an animation window until the first attempt to create a .gid file succeeds.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Updating a family of Help files
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 Whenever you release an updated family of Help files, your setup program should run the following command on the master (default) Help file if you are adding, removing, or updating Help or contents files.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \b \tab winhlp32\'a0-g 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 This command forces WinHelp to create a new .gid file for the master contents file, which ensures that users can access the topics in the new or updated Help and contents files. If you do not run this command, users who try to access a topic that has been changed or removed may encounter unexpected results.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("winhelp_exe")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("winhelp_exe")}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Development strategies for Help files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} T9F11B}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} cs_dev}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} context-sensitive Help;context-sensitive Help, designing;development strategies for Help files;Help files;Help files, development strategies;Help menu;Help system;Help system, development strategies;Help Topics command;uninstall option for programs}
\b\fs24 Development strategies for Help files
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If you are a software developer, consider the following when implementing Help as part of your programs.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Help menu
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Provide a Help menu that contains a single command named Help Topics. The Help Topics command should provide access to the program's Help file(s). The API call should use the following syntax:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab WinHelp(hwnd, "helpfile.hlp", HELP_FINDER, 0)
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Context-sensitive Help
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 Assign context-sensitive help to each element in every dialog box in your program.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab For topics that will be called from the program, use the IDH_ prefix in the topic ID.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Use a separate header (.h) file to map topic IDs and include it in the [MAP] section of the project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Uninstall option
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 When providing an Uninstall option for a program, consider the following Help-related files that might exist on a user's system:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab .hlp (Help file)
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab .cnt (Help contents file)
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab .gid (hidden configuration file)
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab .fts (full-text search index file)
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab .ftg (full-text search group list)
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,KL("MAP section;WinHelp")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!KL("MAP section;winhelp_api")}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} How WinHelp finds a file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1N8RUU}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} cs_find}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file locations;files,;files, how WinHelp searches for;Help files;Help files, how WinHelp searches for;Help files, listing in the registry;registry, listing a Help file in;search path;WinHelp,;WinHelp, searching for files}
\b\fs24 How WinHelp finds a file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp searches for Help files, contents files, programs and DLLs in the following locations:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If a path is specified, WinHelp first searches for the file in the path. If not found, the path is removed and the following locations are searched.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The folder that contains the current Help file.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The current folder.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The System subfolder in the Windows folder.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The Windows folder.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The folders listed in the PATH environment.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The location specified in Winhelp.ini.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The registry.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The following registry location is used:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\'5cSoftware\'5cMicrosoft\'5cWindows\'5cHelp
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The value of the Help key is the name of the Help file, and the corresponding data is the folder where the Help file resides. The following example shows how to list a Help file in the registry:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \f4 if (RegCreateKeyEx(HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE,\line
        "Software\'5c\'5cMicrosoft\'5c\'5cWindows\'5c\'5cHelp", 0,\line
        "Folder", REG_OPTION_NON_VOLATILE, KEY_ALL_ACCESS,\line
        NULL, &hkey, &disposition) == ERROR_SUCCESS) \{\-\line
    RegSetValueEx(hkey, "your filename", 0, REG_SZ, "your folder",\line
        strlen("your folder") + 1);\line
    RegCloseKey(hkey);\line
\'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \f1 If WinHelp cannot find a Help file, it displays a dialog box that enables users to specify the location of the file. If users find the file, WinHelp adds the location information to the registry.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:011c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Providing context-sensitive Help in a dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HM.BD8}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} cs_help}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} context-sensitive Help;context-sensitive Help, providing in dialog boxes;context-sensitive Help, turning off for a control;dialog boxes;dialog boxes, modifying common interfaces;dialog boxes, providing context-sensitive Help in;F1 key}
\b\fs24 Providing context-sensitive Help in a dialog box
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 To provide context-sensitive Help in a dialog box, you must create an array consisting of pairs of double word values. The first value in each pair is the identifier of a control in the dialog box, the second is the topic identifier of the Help topic for the control. The array should contain one pair of identifiers for each control in the dialog box.
\par The dialog box procedure must process the WM_HELP and WM_CONTEXTMENU messages. The dialog procedure receives the WM_HELP message when users press the \scaps f1\plain\f1\fs16  key or when users click the \{bmc bm0.bmp\} button in the title bar, and then click an object in the dialog box. The dialog procedure receives the WM_CONTEXTMENU message when users click the right mouse button.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The lParam parameter of the WM_HELP message is a pointer to a HELPINFO structure. The hItemHandle member of this structure identifies the control for which the user has requested Help. You must pass this handle to the WinHelp function along with the HELP_WM_HELP command, the name of your Help file, and a pointer to the array of identifiers. The WinHelp function searches the array for the control identifier of the specified control, then retrieves the corresponding Help context identifier. Next, the function passes the Help context identifier to WinHelp, which finds the corresponding topic and displays it in a pop-up window. If the control has an identifier of -1, the system searches for the next control that is a tab stop, and uses its identifier to find the Help context identifier. For this reason, it is important that static text be placed before controls in your resource file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Processing the WM_CONTEXTMENU message is similar to processing WM_HELP, with two exceptions when calling the WinHelp function:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You pass the wParam parameter from the WM_CONTEXTMENU message, which is the handle of the control that sent the message.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You specify the HELP_CONTEXTMENU command instead of HELP_WM_HELP.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The HELP_CONTEXTMENU command causes WinHelp to display a menu, which is system defined. The menu contains a What's This command and allows users to display Help for the control. In Windows\'a095, a What's This command does not appear when users click an edit field using their right mouse button.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Modifying common dialog boxes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 If you modify a common dialog box and want to hook your context-sensitive Help topics to the new controls, you must install a hook procedure that determines if the WM_HELP or WM_CONTEXTMENU message is for your controls. If so, call WinHelp using your Help file. If not, send the message through to the common dialog box.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Turning off context-sensitive Help for a control
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 If you need to turn off the context-sensitive Help for a control, such as a group, you can map the Help ID for that control to -1, as shown in the following example:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab ID_GROUP_BOX, ((DWORD) -1)
\par \pard\sb45\sl-115\li295\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`cs_ex;PRO_HPJ_ADD_MAP')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`cs_ex;PRO_HPJ_ADD_MAP')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:011d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Example code (context-sensitive Help)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 17EVVJN}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} cs_ex}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} context-sensitive Help;context-sensitive Help, example code;context-sensitive Help, providing in dialog boxes;dialog boxes;dialog boxes, providing context-sensitive Help in;example code for context-sensitive Help;sample code for context-sensitive Help}
\b\fs24 Example code (context-sensitive Help)
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example shows how to implement context-sensitive Help in a dialog box:
\par LRESULT CALLBACK EditDlgProc(HWND hwndDlg, UINT uMsg, WPARAM wParam,  LPARAM lParam) \line
\{\- \line
\line
\tab // Create an array of control identifiers and context identifiers. \line
\line
\tab static DWORD aIds[] = \{\-\line
\tab     ID_SAVE,   IDH_SAVE,\line
\tab     ID_DELETE, IDH_DELETE,\line
\tab     ID_COPY,   IDH_COPY,\line
\tab     ID_PASTE,  IDH_PASTE,\line
\tab     0,0\line
\tab \'7d;\line
\line
\tab switch (uMsg) \{\-\line
\tab     case WM_HELP:\line
\tab         WinHelp(((LPHELPINFO) lParam)->hItemHandle, "helpfile.hlp",\line
\tab             HELP_WM_HELP, (DWORD) (LPVOID) aIds);\line
\tab         break;\line
\line
\tab     case WM_CONTEXTMENU:\line
\tab         WinHelp((HWND) wParam, "helpfile.hlp", HELP_CONTEXTMENU,\line
\tab             (DWORD) (LPVOID) aIds);\line
\tab         break;\line
\tab     .\line
\tab     . // process other messages here\line
\tab     .\line
\tab \'7d\line
\line
\tab return FALSE;\line
\'7d
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,KL("context-sensitive Help;WM_HELP;WM_CONTEXTMENU")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!KL("context-sensitive Help;WM_HELP;WM_CONTEXTMENU")}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Adding a tab to the Help Topics dialog box}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 130K0._}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} new_tab}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adding;adding, tabs to the Help Topics dialog box;customizing;customizing, Help Topics dialog box;dialog boxes;dialog boxes, Help Topics dialog box;Help Topics dialog box;Help Topics dialog box, adding tabs to;OpenTabDialog function;tabs;tabs, adding to the Help Topics dialog box}
\b\fs24 Adding a tab to the Help Topics dialog box
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 To add a custom tab to the WinHelp Help Topics dialog box, you must write your own DLL. Your DLL must supply the following function:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab HWND WINAPI \b OpenTabDialog(\plain\f1\fs16 HWND, DWORD, DWORD\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 This function will be called when you are to create your dialog. The first parameter will be the parent's window handle. The second and third parameters are reserved (for future use). Your DLL must then call the CreateDialog function to create your dialog and return the dialog's window handle.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The dialog template should be for a dialog without a border and non-visible, and it should use the DS_CONTROL style so that the dialog will get the focus when the tab is activated. WinHelp will resize the Help Topics dialog box as necessary to accommodate your dialog.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Use the MSG_TAB_CONTEXT and MSG_TAB_MACRO messages in your DLL to communicate with WinHelp.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Add the tab name and DLL name to the contents (.cnt) file by opening the contents file in Help Workshop, and then clicking the Tabs button.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The following is an example of the style flags to use for the dialog:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab STYLE WS_CHILD | DS_3DLOOK | DS_CONTROL | WS_TABSTOP
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,KL("DLLs, writing for WinHelp;adding, tabs to Help Topics dialog box;OpenTabDialog;CreateDialog;DS_CONTROL;MSG_TAB_CONTEXT;MSG_TAB_MACRO;DLGTEMPLATE")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!KL("DLLs, writing for WinHelp;adding, tabs to Help Topics dialog box;OpenTabDialog;CreateDialog;DS_CONTROL;MSG_TAB_CONTEXT;MSG_TAB_MACRO;DLGTEMPLATE")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:011e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Windows Help settings in the Win.ini file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} C98ZPE}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} colors;colors, initialization settings in Win.ini;hotspots;hotspots, changing default colors;initialization settings in the Win.ini file;Win.ini file;WinHelp,;WinHelp, initialization settings}
\b\fs24 Windows Help settings in the Win.ini file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The Win.ini file, which is located in the Windows folder, contains initialization information about WinHelp in the [Windows Help] section. The [Windows Help] section can contain the following entries:
\par \uldb Backtrack=num\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 8WUIJM}\line
\uldb Help Author=1\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 21N6.UM}\line
\uldb JumpColor=(r,g,b)\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4SNKWF}\line
\uldb IFJumpColor=(r,g,b)\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4SNKWF}\line
\uldb PopupColor=(r,g,b)\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4SNKWF}\line
\uldb IFPopupColor=(r,g,b)\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4SNKWF}\line
\uldb MacroColor=(r,g,b)\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4SNKWF}\b 
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("WININI_SETTINGS")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("WININI_SETTINGS")}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Backtrack (in Win.ini)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8WUIJM}
\pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BACKTRACK;WININI_SETTINGS}
\b Backtrack=num
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 This line enables users to set the number of topics WinHelp saves in the History list. You can specify any positive integer between 1 and 500, for example:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab Backtrack=25
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Help Author (in Win.ini)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 21N6.UM}
\pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} WININI_SETTINGS}
\b Help Author=1
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 This setting is automatically set or cleared when you check or clear the Help Author command on the File menu in Help Workshop. For information about Help Author mode, click Related topics.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("BAS_HELP_AUTHOR_MODE")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("BAS_HELP_AUTHOR_MODE")}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} JumpColor and MacroColor (in Win.ini)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4SNKWF}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} WININI_SETTINGS}
\b JumpColor=(r,g,b), IFJumpColor=(r,g,b), PopupColor=(r,g,b), IFPopupColor=(r,g,b), and MacroColor=(r,g,b)
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can use any of the following statements in the [WINDOWS HELP] section of your Win.ini file to change hotspot colors from the default green.
\par JumpColor=(r,g,b)\line
IFJumpColor=(r,g,b)\line
PopupColor=(r,g,b)\line
IFPopupColor=(r,g,b)\line
and MacroColor=(r,g,b)
\par The r, g, and b values represent the red, green, and blue (RGB) components of the hotspot color. These color values can be a number from 0 to 255. The meaning of each statement is explained in the following table.
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft4 \cellx1265\cellx3415\cellx5175\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235 \b Command\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235 Defines the color for\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235 Default Color\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft4 \cellx1265\cellx3415\cellx5175\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235 \plain\f1\fs16 JumpColor\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235 Jump hotspots\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235 Green\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft4 \cellx1265\cellx3415\cellx5175\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235 IFJumpColor\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235 Interfile jump hotspots\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235 Same as JumpColor\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft4 \cellx1265\cellx3415\cellx5175\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235 PopUpColor\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235 Pop-up hotspots\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235 Same as JumpColor\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft4 \cellx1265\cellx3415\cellx5175\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235 IFPopupColor\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235 Interfile pop-up hotspots\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235 Same as JumpColor\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft4 \cellx1265\cellx3415\cellx5175\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235 MacroColor\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235 Macro hotspots\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235 Same as JumpColor\cell\intbl\row
\pard \fs24 \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:011f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Creating a Winhelp.ini file for search paths}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 144KIW8}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help files;Help files, search path for;search path;Win.ini file}
\b Creating a Winhelp.ini file for search paths
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If you are distributing your program and Help files on removable media such as a CD-ROM, you can have your setup program define the drives and directories where WinHelp should search for Help files. The paths you define will be added to Help\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 s regular search paths for interfile jumps.
\par The syntax for the Winhelp.ini entry is:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab [FILES]\line
HLP-filename=path, message
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 HLP-filename\tab Specifies the name of the Help or contents file for which you want to define a search path.
\par path\tab Specifies the fully qualified path to the folder where the file is located.
\par message\tab The message that WinHelp should display in a message box if the path cannot be found. This parameter is optional.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 On Windows\'a0NT, you must use the Winhlp32.ini file instead of the Winhelp.ini file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 When creating entries in the Winhelp.ini file, make sure that the first program to create the Winhelp.ini file also creates the [FILES] section heading. You can use the Windows WritePrivateProfileString function to create entries in the Winhelp.ini file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 The following entry instructs Help to look in the \'5cProduct\'5cFiles folder on drive P for the Notepad Help file. If necessary, Help will prompt the user to insert a CD into the drive:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \tab [FILES]\line
Notepad.hlp=P:\'5cProduct\'5cFiles, Please insert your Windows\'a095 CD into drive P.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,KL("WritePrivateProfileString;cs_find")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!KL("WritePrivateProfileString;cs_find")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0133}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} About full-text search}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FTS_About}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_About}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} full-text search;full-text search, engine overview;reference;reference, full-text search}
\b\fs24 About Full-Text Search
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The full-text-search (FTS) engine gives programs the same full-text search capabilities as available with Windows Help. The engine provides a set of functions that you use to create full-text-search indexes and use existing indexes to search for words and phrases in your source documents. The engine also provides functions for compressing text and highlighting search hits in your source text.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Sources, Topics, Words, and Phrases
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The full-text-search engine works in conjunction with source documents (source files) that contain text organized in words and phrases, separated by wordbreak and other formatting characters. To use the engine, you must also organize the source into topics, where a topic typically corresponds a section in a book or information in a help file that is to be display as a unit. You must assign a unique value or handle to each topic; the engine uses that handle value to identify the topic during searches. Although not required, it is recommended that you assign a title to each topic.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Once you have identified the topics, you construct the index. The index contains the word and phrases from the source document (in compressed format) and data that identifies which words and phrases belong in which topics. Once you have an index, you use the built-in search dialog box provided by the engine to let the user search for words and phrases in the source documents.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0134}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Index construction}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1NDWCPQ}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} full-text search;full-text search, constructing an index;index,;index, constructing full-text search}
\b\fs24 Index Construction
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You create an full-text-search index by using the \b NewIndex\plain\f1\fs16  function. You specify the name of the source for the index, the character set and locale for which the index is created, the type of searching methods the index must support, and the kinds of handle values you\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 ll used to identify topics. If successful, the function initializes the index and returns an index handle (a value having HINDEX type) identifying it. You use the index handle in subsequent function calls to add entries to the index.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 When you create an index you can specify a combination of search types. If no other type is given, you must specify TOPIC_SEARCH. This ensures that the index supports searches for topics that contain a given word or collection of words. You can use the PHRASE_SEARCH value to create an index that supports searches for topics that contain a given phrase, that is, a specific sequence of words. Use the PHRASE_FEEDBACK value for an index that supports validation of phrases, that is, provides feedback about the set of valid words that can appear next in a given phrase. Use the VECTOR_SEARCH for an index that supports similarity searches, that is, searches that present topics that are statistically similar in terms of type and frequency of words used.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The search types are cumulative capabilities. That is, you can\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 t ask for PHRASE_FEEDBACK without PHRASE_SEARCH, and you can\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 t ask for VECTOR_SEARCH without PHRASE_FEEDBACK.
\par You add topics to the index by using first calling the \b ScanTopicTitle\plain\f1\fs16  function to define a title and a handle value for the topic. The handle value may be either a 32-bit value or a 64-bit value. Then you supply the text for the topic by one or more calls to the \b ScanTopicText\plain\f1\fs16  function. You repeat this procedure, calling \b ScanTopicTitle\plain\f1\fs16  followed by calls to \b ScanTopicText\plain\f1\fs16 , until you have indexed all topics.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Once you have added entries to the index, you can save the index to disk by using the \b SaveIndex\plain\f1\fs16  function. The index remains in memory, even if you have saved it to disk. You must use the \b DeleteIndex\plain\f1\fs16  function to finally remove the index.
\par Because indexing large sources may be a lengthy operation, you should give users some indication that progress is being made. To ensure that you can indicate progress while entries are being added to an index, you use the \b RegisterAnimator\plain\f1\fs16  function to register an \b AnimatorProc\plain\f1\fs16  callback function. That function will be called frequently during the indexing operation. When your \b AnimatorProc\plain\f1\fs16  is called you may take appropriate graphical actions to show that your program is \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 alive\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  and is making progress.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You should be careful that your \b AnimatorProc\plain\f1\fs16  doesn\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 t take so much processor time that it slows down the indexing process. One good way to keep your processing under control is to call \b GetTickCount\plain\f1\fs16  at the start of your \b AnimatorProc\plain\f1\fs16  and use a global variable to keep track of how recently you updated your progress animation or your progress indicator.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("FTS_Index_Construct")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("FTS_Index_Construct")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0135}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Where files are placed}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .4BU_Z}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} full-text search;full-text search, where index files are placed;index,;index, constructing full-text search}
\b\fs24 Where Files are Placed
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 When the indexer constructs an index file, it first attempts to create the index in the directory defined by the \b SaveIndex\plain\f1\fs16  function. If that is not possible, it tries to create the index file in the \'5cWindows\'5cHELP folder. If that attempt also fails, it makes one last attempt to create the file in the Windows folder before giving up.
\par When temporary files are necessary, the indexer first interprets the pbSourceName value passed to \b NewIndex\plain\f1\fs16  as an initial location and attempts to create the temporary file there. If that fails, it tries the \'5cWindows\'5cHELP folder and finally the \'5cWindows folder before giving up.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("NewIndex;SaveIndex")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("NewIndex;SaveIndex")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0136}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Searcher (full-text)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1H.SZNG}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} full-text search;full-text search, using a searcher}
\b\fs24 Searcher
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You use the searcher to carry out a search for the topic or topics in a given collection that contain a particular set of words or phrases. You create a searcher by using the \b NewSearcher\plain\f1\fs16  function. If successful, the function returns a searcher handle (a value having HSEARCHER type) identifying the searcher. You use the handle in subsequent function calls to open an index and search for words and phrases.
\par Before you can search for words, you must open an index file and associate it with the searcher. You do this by using the \b OpenIndex\plain\f1\fs16  function. If the function is successful, it returns an integer value that identifies the index. You can use the index identifier with the \b QueryOptions\plain\f1\fs16  function to determine what type of searches the index supports. You can also check which type of searches are valid for an index before opening the index by using the \b IsValidIndex\plain\f1\fs16  function. The index identifier will also be used later when a topic must be displayed from that index.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 When you call \b OpenIndex\plain\f1\fs16 , it will return to you the source name and time stamp values that were originally passed when it was created with the \b NewIndex\plain\f1\fs16  function. If those don\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 t match what you\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 re expecting, you can call \b DiscardIndex\plain\f1\fs16  to remove it from the search set. Alternatively you can supply the source name and time stamp values to OpenIndex and have it do the comparisons for you.
\par You can associate more than one index with a searcher by using the \b OpenIndex\plain\f1\fs16  function multiple times. If you do associate a group of indexes with a searcher, you can save information about that group to a file on disk by using the \b SaveGroup\plain\f1\fs16  function. If you save the group in this way, at a later time you can quickly open and associate the group of index files with a new searcher by using the \b LoadGroup\plain\f1\fs16  function. That is, you don\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 t have to explicitly call the \b OpenIndex\plain\f1\fs16  function for each index in the group.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Once you have an index or indexes associated with the searcher, you can create a search dialog by calling the \b OpenDialog\plain\f1\fs16  function. That function returns the window handle for the dialog box, so you can access and manage the dialog box just as you would any other window. Because the dialog box is created invisible and disabled, you must explicitly enable and show it before the user can use it. In general, you should move the dialog box to the location in its parent window, then show it and enable it.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Later when the user double-clicks one of the topic titles, the dialog will send a message to its parent window. That message will tell you the topic handle and index identifier for that title. Then your program must display the corresponding topic text. Usually that message will be MSG_FTS_JUMP_HASH, but it may also be MSG_FTS_JUMP_VA or MSG_FTS_JUMP_QWORD, depending on indexing options which were given when the index was created. In all cases the topic handle will be exactly the value you passed to the \b ScanTopicTitle\plain\f1\fs16  function when you indexed that topic.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You can supply a \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 Display\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  button in the parent window and get a topic displayed by sending a WM_COMMAND message of type ID_OK to the dialog box. It will then send back a message with the handle and index identifier for the topic whose title is highlighted.
\par The dialog box has several other message it may send to its parent window. You\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 ll get a MSG_FTS_GET_TITLE message when the dialog needs to show the name you\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 ve given to the text set that goes with a particular index. You\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 ll be given the identifying number for the index, and you\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 ll supply a null-terminated string.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 When you call the \b LoadGroup\plain\f1\fs16  function, it may send you one or more MSG_FTS_WHERE_IS_IT messages if the FTG file or one of the files in the group doesn\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 t exist or isn\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 t valid. That message will point to the file name that can\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 t be found, and you can change the file name string to point to an alternate directory. If you want to support this message, you must call \b SetDirectoryLocator\plain\f1\fs16  to identify the window which will process the MSG_FTS_WHERE_IS_IT message.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Finally you may receive a MSG_REINDEX_REQUEST message if the user clicks on the \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 Rebuild\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  button. That\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 s your signal to rebuild the index (or indices) perhaps with new indexing options.
\par If you\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 d like to temporarily hide the search dialog, simply send it a WM_CLOSE message. The dialog will make itself invisible and will set the desktop to be its parent. Later when you want to make the search dialog visible again, simply send a UM_CONNECT message to it. If you really want to destroy the search dialog, send it a UM_CLOSE message. Alternatively you can just call \b DeleteSearcher\plain\f1\fs16 .
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("FTS_Search")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("FTS_Search")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0137}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Highlighting search targets}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 13JL3TS}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} full-text search;full-text search, highlighting}
\b\fs24 Highlighting Search Hits
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 When you\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 re displaying a topic you\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 ve found with a searcher you can highlight the target words and phrases using the Hiliting interfaces. After you\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 ve opened a Searcher (with \b NewSearcher\plain\f1\fs16 ) you can attach a hiliter to it (with \b NewHiliter\plain\f1\fs16 ). You only need to create one Hiliter for a sequence of search operations. 
\par When you want to get highlighting information for a search topic you must first extract the text to be examined and pass it to the hiliter (using \b ScanDisplayText\plain\f1\fs16 ). This may be done in sections, either for convenience, or because different sections of the text have different Charset and Locale designations. If you later want to begin fresh on a new topic, you must first call \b ClearDisplayText\plain\f1\fs16  to discard the old display text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Once all the text has been scanned, you retrieve the hilite count (using \b CountHilites\plain\f1\fs16 ) for all part of the text to determine how much hilite storage space is required.  Then you use \b QueryHilites\plain\f1\fs16  to get the hilites themselves as offsets into the text you passed to ScanDisplayText. 
\par The final stage is to apply the hilite offsets to your original text -- which is something you do entirely in your own code. 
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("FTS_topic_hiliting")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("FTS_topic_hiliting")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0138}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Phrase compression}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FJHF3S}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} full-text search;full-text search, phrase compression}
\b\fs24 Phrase Compression
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can take advantage of the built-in compression capabilities to compress your own text. You can create a compressor by using the \b NewCompressor\plain\f1\fs16  function. If successful, the function returns a compressor handle (a value having HCOMPRESSOR type which identifies the compressor). You use that handle in subsequent function calls to create a phrase table, and compress or decompress text. When you no longer need the compressor, you can delete it by using the \b DeleteCompressor\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 You carry out the compression in two steps. First, you use the \b ScanText\plain\f1\fs16  function to let the compressor develop compression statistics (a phrase table) for the text you want to compress. Then you use the \b CompressText\plain\f1\fs16  function to carry out the actual compression. The function returns the compressed text in a buffer and specifies the size in bytes of that text.
\par Typically, a program saves the compressed text so that it can be expanded later. To expand to the compressed text later, you must always save the compression statistics, called the phrase table, with the compressed text. You can retrieve the phrase table data by using the \b GetPhraseTable\plain\f1\fs16  function. You can call \b GetPhraseTable\plain\f1\fs16  after finished scanning all the text in the first pass.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 To expand (decompress) the compressed text, you use the \b DecompressText\plain\f1\fs16  function. Before expanding, however, you must set the phrase table for the text by using the \b SetPhraseTable\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("FTS_phrase_compress")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("FTS_phrase_compress")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0139}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Language support}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1B6J9DF}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} full-text search;full-text search, language support}
\b\fs24 Language Support
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 In most cases the full-text engine automatically adjusts to accommodate the active language based on information from the National Language Support (NLS) APIs. For the cases where that support is not sufficient there are two types of external DLL interfaces \plain\f0\fs16 \'97\f1  a Stemmer interface and a Word Breaker interface.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("FTS_NLS")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("FTS_NLS")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:013a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} The stemmer interface}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1_PK1FQ}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_NLS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} full-text search;full-text search, stemmer;stemmer}
\b\fs24 The Stemmer Interface
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 A stemmer is a language dependent piece of code that reduces related words to a common form. For example an English stemmer might map \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 publish\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1 , \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 published\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1 , \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 publishes\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1 , and \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 publishing\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  to the form \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 publish\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1 . The key idea is that words which denote a common idea map to the same stem.
\par The full-text engine automatically uses language specific stemmers to build index data to support similarity searches between topics. Similarity search information can still be built when no stemmer is available, but it is more accurate when a stemmer is present. Windows\'a095 includes a stemmer specific to U. S. English (STEM0409.DLL).
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 If you want to construct a stemmer for some other language, you must construct a DLL whose name follows the pattern STEMxxxx.DLL, where xxxx is the hexadecimal representation of the local identifier (lcid) for the language. Within that DLL you must export a function named Stemmer.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("Stemmer")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("Stemmer")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:013b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} The word breaker interface}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BQRI8O}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_NLS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} full-text search;full-text search, word-breaker interface;word-breaker interface}
\b\fs24 The Word Breaker Interface
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 A word breaker scans a sequence of characters and divides it into words and punctuation. This is a fundamental operation during index construction.
\par For most languages word breaking can be done automatically building a table that defines whether a character is a word character or a punctuation character. Then contiguous sequences of word characters are presumed to be words.
\par For some languages (Japanese, for example) the rules are considerably more complicated. To address those languages the full-text search engine (FTSRCH.DLL) will look for language-specific word breaker DLLs and use them when they are available.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 When constructing a language-specific word breaker, you must provide a DLL whose name follows the pattern FTLXxxxx.DLL, where xxxx is the four-digit hexadecimal representation of the language identifier. Thus a word breaker DLL for Japanese would be named FTLX0411.DLL.
\par Your DLL must export two interfaces \plain\f0\fs16 \'97\f1  \b FTSWordBreakW\plain\f1\fs16  and \b FTSWordBreakA\plain\f1\fs16 .
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("WordBreaker")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("WordBreaker")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:013c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} AnimatorProc function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 21YXJIB}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} AnimatorProc;FTS_Index_Construct}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} AnimatorProc function;full-text search;full-text search, functions}
\b\fs24 AnimatorProc
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 void AnimatorProc(void);
\par Periodically called by the FTS engine while processing requests to add entries to an index. This program-supplied function should carry out an appropriate action to notify the user that the construction of the index is progressing. Uses standard C calling conventions.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 None.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 This function should avoid doing a lot of processing during each call. One good approach is to use a variable together with calls to \b GetTickCount\plain\f1\fs16  to keep track of the amount of time that has elapsed since the last animation action.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("RegisterAnimator")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("RegisterAnimator")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:013d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ClearDisplayText function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2JLR1UT}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} ClearDisplayText;FTS_topic_hiliting}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ClearDisplayText function;full-text search;full-text search, functions}
\b\fs24 ClearDisplayText
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 ERRORCODE ClearDisplayText(HHILITER hHiliter);
\par Removes any text previously passed to the hiliter.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hcmp\tab Handle of the hiliter. Must have been previously created using the \b NewHiliter\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns either zero or a negative error code value.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("ScanDisplayText;CountHilites;QueryHilites;DeleteHiliter;NewHiliter")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("FTS_topic_hiliting;ScanDisplayText;CountHilites;QueryHilites;DeleteHiliter;NewHiliter")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:013e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} CompressText function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6.QF_Y0}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CompressText;FTS_phrase_compress}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} CompressText function;full-text search;full-text search, functions}
\b\fs24 CompressText
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 INT CompressText(HCOMPRESSOR hcmp, PBYTE pbText, UINT cbText, PBYTE *ppbCompressed, UINT iCharset);
\par Compresses the given text using the phrase table associated with the given compressor.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hcmp\tab Handle of the compressor. Must have been previously created using the \b NewCompressor\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par pbText\tab Address of the buffer containing the text to compress. That text will be overwritten whenever the compressed text is smaller than the uncompressed text.
\par cbText\tab Size of uncompressed text in bytes.
\par ppbCompressed\tab Address of a variable that will receive the address of a malloc buffer containing compressed text. That variable will not be set when the compressed text is smaller than the uncompressed text. This parameter may be NULL.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 iCharset\tab Character set of the text to be compressed. If this parameter is USE_DEFAULT, the function uses the default character set specified when the compressor was created.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns either a negative error code value or the size in bytes of the compressed form of the input text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 If this value is positive and less than cbText, the compressed form will be written into the pbText area. Otherwise if the result value is greater than or equal to cbText and ppbCompressed is non-NULL, the compressed form will be stored in a malloc\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 d buffer and the address of that buffer will be stored in *ppbCompressed.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("DecompressText;NewCompressor")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("DecompressText;NewCompressor")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:013f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} CountHilites function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1XG3Z9W}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CountHilites;FTS_topic_hiliting}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} CountHilites function}
\b\fs24 CountHilites
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 INT CountHilites(HHILITER hHiliter, INT base, INT limit);
\par Used to determine the number of hilites in the specified region of the scanned text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hHiliter\tab Handle of the hiliter. Must have been previously created using the \b NewHiliter\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par base\tab Byte offset to the beginning of the region to be queried.
\par limit\tab Byte offset just beyond the end of the region to be queried. Use -1 to indicate the end of all the display text.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns the number of hilites which overlap the designated region. That is, the count may include hilited words and phrases which fall partially outside the region.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("QueryHilites")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("QueryHilites")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0140}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DecompressText function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 43L0YCO}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DecompressText;FTS_phrase_compress}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DecompressText function}
\b\fs24 DecompressText
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 INT DecompressText(HCOMPRESSOR hcmp, PBYTE pbCompressed, UINT cbCompressed, PBYTE pbText);
\par Expands the given compressed text using the phrase table associated with the given compressor.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hcmp\tab Handle of the compressor. Must have been previously created using the \b NewCompressor\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par pbCompressed\tab Address of the buffer containing the compressed text.
\par cbCompressed\tab Size in bytes of the compressed text.
\par pbText\tab Address of the buffer that receives the expanded text. This buffer must large enough to hold the uncompressed form of the text.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns the size in bytes of the expanded text if successful and a negative error code value otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("CompressText")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("CompressText")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0141}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DeleteCompressor function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HOA1G.}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DeleteCompressor;FTS_phrase_compress}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DeleteCompressor function}
\b\fs24 DeleteCompressor
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 ERRORCODE DeleteCompressor(HCOMPRESSOR hcmp);
\par Deletes the given compressor.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hcmp\tab Handle of the compressor. Must have been previously created using the \b NewCompressor\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns 0 if successful; an error value otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("NewCompressor;fts_errorcode")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("NewCompressor;fts_errorcode")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0142}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DeleteHiliter function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _ZG480}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DeleteHiliter;FTS_topic_hiliting}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DeleteHiliter function}
\b\fs24 DeleteHiliter
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 ErrorCode DeleteHiliter(HHILITER hHiliter);
\par Deletes the given hiliter.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hcmp\tab Handle of the hiliter. Must have been previously created using the \b NewHiliter\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns 0 if successful; an error value otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("NewHiliter;fts_errorcode")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("NewHiliter;fts_errorcode")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0143}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DeleteIndex function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1N46IO4}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DeleteIndex;FTS_Index_Construct}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DeleteIndex function}
\b\fs24 DeleteIndex
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 ERRORCODE DeleteIndex(HINDEX hinx);
\par Deletes the given index, freeing any resources associated with it.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hinx\tab Handle of the index to delete. Must have been previously created using the \b NewIndex\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns 0 if successful; an error value otherwise.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 If the given index is to be used in subsequent searches, save it using the \b SaveIndex\plain\f1\fs16  function before deleting it.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("NewIndex;SaveIndex;fts_errorcode")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("NewIndex;SaveIndex;fts_errorcode")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0144}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DeleteSearcher function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3OJ5OPD}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DeleteSearcher;FTS_Search}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DeleteSearcher function}
\b\fs24 DeleteSearcher
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 ERRORCODE DeleteSearcher(HSEARCHER hsrch);
\par Deletes the given searcher, freeing any resources associated with it.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hsrch\tab Handle of the searcher to delete. Must have been previously created using the \b NewSearcher\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns 0 if successful; an error value otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("NewSearcher;fts_errorcode")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("NewSearcher;fts_errorcode")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0145}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DiscardIndex function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .298TG}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DiscardIndex;FTS_Search}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DiscardIndex function}
\b\fs24 DiscardIndex
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 ERRORCODE DiscardIndex(HSEARCHER hsrch, INT iIndex);
\par Discards the given index, freeing any resources associated with it.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hsrch\tab Handle of the searcher to delete. Must have been previously created using the \b NewSearcher\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par iIndex\tab Index identifier. Must have been previously returned by the \b OpenIndex\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns 0 if successful; an error value otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("NewSearcher;OpenIndex;fts_errorcode")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("NewSearcher;OpenIndex;fts_errorcode")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0146}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} FTSWordBreakA function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3_.B_MY}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTSWordBreakA;WordBreaker}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} FTSWordBreakA function}
\b\fs24 FTSWordBreakA
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 int APIENTRY FTSWordBreakA  (CP wCP, LPSTR *ppbText, LPINT pcbText, LPSTR *papbToken, LPSTR *papbTokenEnd, LPBYTE paType, PUINT paHash, int cwTokens, UINT fTokenizeSpaces);
\par Scans a sequence of non-Unicode characters and constructs information about where words and punctuation streams occur. It exactly parallels \b FTSWordBreakW\plain\f1\fs16  except that its input text is composed of 8-bit values with characters being represented by either one or two 8-bit values. This kind of text is called multibyte text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 wCP\tab Code page for the text.
\par ppbText\tab Address of a LPWSTR variable which in turn points to the multibyte text which is to be scanned. On exit that variable will be adjusted to point just beyond the text for which token information has been constructed.
\par pcbText\tab Address of a variable which defines the number characters remaining in the multibyte text. On exit that variable will be adjusted to count the number of characters not yet processed.
\par papbToken\tab Address of an array of LPWSTR items. That array contains slots for cwTokens items. On exit it will contain pointers to the character positions in which tokens start. This pointer may be NULL.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 papbTokenEnd\tab Address of an array of LPWSTR items. That array contains slots for cwTokens items. On exit it will contain pointers to the character positions just beyond the ends of tokens. This pointer may be NULL.
\par paType\tab Address of an array of BYTE items. That array contains slots for cwTokens items. On exit each byte value will indicate whether the corresponding token is a word, a number, or punctuation. A zero value denotes punctuation while words and numbers are denoted by 0x02 and 0x01 respectively. This pointer may be NULL.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 paHash\tab Address of an array of UINT items. That array contains slots for cwTokens items. On exit each element will contain a hash value for the corresponding token. This pointer may be NULL.
\par \tab Hash values are to be constructed as follows:
\par \tab for (pw= pwToken, cw= cwToken, uHash= 0; cw--; ++pw) \line
    uHash = _rotl(uHash, 5) - *pw;
\par cwTokens\tab Defines the number of array slots in papwToken, papwTokenEnd, paType, and paHash.
\par fTokenizeSpaces\tab Set of bit flags which determine how tokens are constructed. Can be a combination of these values:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li4145\ri125\fi-2705\brdrb\brdrs\tx4145 \b Value\tab Meaning\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li4145\ri125\fi-2705\tx4145 TOKENIZE_SPACES (0x01)\tab When this bit flag is on, a single space character imbedded between two words will be shown as a token. When the flag is off, it will be ignored.
\par REMOVE_SPACE_CHARS (0x02)\tab When this bit flag is on, all white space characters will be discarded when punctuation tokens are constructed. This means that the *ppwText buffer will be altered. If a punctuation sequence consists of nothing but white space characters, no token will be constructed.
\par STARTING_IMBEDS (0x04)\tab When this flag is on, a punctuation character which may be imbedded in a word is allowed to start a word or a number. An example of such a character is the English decimal point (\plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 .\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1 ).
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx4145 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx4145 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns the number of tokens for which information has been constructed.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("FTSWordBreakW")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("FTSWordBreakW")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0147}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} FTSWordBreakW function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3_.B_ND}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTSWordBreakW;WordBreaker}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} FTSWordBreakW function}
\b\fs24 FTSWordBreakW
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 int APIENTRY FTSWordBreakW  (LPWSTR *ppwText, LPINT pcwText, LPWSTR *papwToken, LPWSTR *papwTokenEnd, LPBYTE paType, PUINT paHash, int cTokens, UINT fTokenizeSpaces);
\par This function scans a sequence of Unicode characters and constructs information about where words and punctuation tokens occur. That information will be copied into a collection of arrays passed to \b FTWWordBreakW\plain\f1\fs16 .
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 ppwText\tab Address of a LPWSTR variable which in turn points to the Unicode text which is to be scanned. On exit that variable will be adjusted to point just beyond the text for which token information has been constructed.
\par pcwText\tab Address of a variable which defines the number characters remaining in the Unicode text. On exit that variable will be adjusted to count the number of characters not yet processed.
\par papwToken\tab Address of an array of LPWSTR items. That array contains slots for cwTokens items. On exit it will contain pointers to the character positions in which tokens start. This pointer may be NULL.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 papwTokenEnd\tab Address of an array of LPWSTR items. That array contains slots for cwTokens items. On exit it will contain pointers to the character positions just beyond the ends of tokens. This pointer may be NULL.
\par paType\tab Address of an array of BYTE items. That array contains slots for cwTokens items. On exit each byte value will indicate whether the corresponding token is a word, a number, or punctuation. A zero value denotes punctuation while words and numbers are denoted by 0x02 and 0x01 respectively. This pointer may be NULL.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 paHash\tab Points to an array of UINT items. That array contains slots for cwTokens items. on exit each element will contain a hash value for the corresponding token. This pointer may be NULL.
\par \tab Hash values are to be constructed as follows:
\par \tab for (pw= pwToken, cw= cwToken, uHash= 0; cw--; ++pw)\line
    uHash = _rotl(uHash, 5) - *pw;
\par cwTokens\tab Defines the number of array slots in papwToken, papwTokenEnd, paType, and paHash.
\par fTokenizeSpaces\tab Set of bit flags which determine how tokens are constructed. Can be a combination of these values:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li4145\ri125\fi-2705\brdrb\brdrs\tx4135 \b Value\tab Meaning\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li4145\ri125\fi-2705\tx4135 TOKENIZE_SPACES (0x01)\tab When this bit flag is on, a single space character imbedded between two words will be shown as a token. When the flag is off, it will be ignored.
\par REMOVE_SPACE_CHARS (0x02)\tab When this bit flag is on, all white space characters will be discarded when punctuation tokens are constructed. This means that the *ppwText buffer will be altered. If a punctuation sequence consists of nothing but white space characters, no token will be constructed.
\par STARTING_IMBEDS (0x04)\tab When this flag is on, a punctuation character which may be imbedded in a word is allowed to start a word or a number. An example of such a character is the English decimal point (\plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 .\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1 ).
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx4135 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx4135 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns the number of tokens for which information has been constructed.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("FTSWordBreakA")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("FTSWordBreakA")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0148}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} GetPhraseTable function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3CSZ04P}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_phrase_compress;GetPhraseTable}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} GetPhraseTable function}
\b\fs24 GetPhraseTable
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 ERRORCODE GetPhraseTable(HCOMPRESSOR hcmp, PUINT pcPhrases, PBYTE *ppbImages, PUINT pcbImages, PBYTE *ppacbImageCompressed, PUINT pcbCompressed);
\par Retrieves the phrase table for the given compressor.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\brdrb\brdrs\tx2155 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\tx2155 hcmp\tab Handle of the compressor. Must have been previously created using the \b NewCompressor\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par pcPhrases\tab Address of the variable that receives the count of phrases in the table.
\par ppbImages\tab Address of a variable which will be set to the address of a buffer containing the phrase images. That buffer is allocated with malloc. Assume that the caller will free the buffer.
\par pcbImages\tab Address of the variable that receives the size in bytes of the *ppbImages data.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\tx2155 ppacbImageCompressed\tab Address of a variable which will be set to the address of a buffer containing the phrase size information. That buffer is allocated with malloc. Assume that the caller will free the buffer.
\par pcbCompressed\tab Address of the variable that receives the size in bytes of the *ppacbImageCompressed data.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2155 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2155 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns 0 if successful; an error value otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("NewCompressor;fts_errorcode")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("NewCompressor;fts_errorcode")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0149}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} IsValidIndex function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1J8PWBP}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_Index_Construct;FTS_Search;IsValidIndex}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} IsValidIndex function}
\b\fs24 IsValidIndex
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 BOOL IsValidIndex(PSZ pszFileName, UINT dwOptions);
\par Verifies that the given index file exists and supports searches of the given type.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 pszFileName\tab Address of a null-terminated name specifying the index file.
\par dwOptions\tab Search type. Can be one of these values:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3425\ri125\fi-1985\brdrb\brdrs\tx3415 \b Value\tab Meaning\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3425\ri125\fi-1985\tx3415 TOPIC_SEARCH\tab Can search for topics containing a given word or combination of words. If no other option is given, this option is required.
\par PHRASE_SEARCH\tab Can search for topics containing a given phrase or combination of phrases.
\par PHRASE_FEEDBACK\tab Can provide feedback about the validity of a phrase before carrying out a search. As the user constructs a phrase, the full-text engine can list the words that the user can type next to create a valid phrase. This option is valid only if PHRASE_SEARCH is also given.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3425\ri125\fi-1985\tx3415 VECTOR_SEARCH\tab Can search for topics that are similar. Similarity is based on the use and frequency of words in the topics. This option is valid only if both PHRASE_SEARCH and PHRASE_FEEDBACK are also given.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3415 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3415 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns TRUE if the given search type is supported; FALSE otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("NewIndex")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("NewIndex")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:014a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} LoadGroup function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HWZDM5}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_Search;LoadGroup}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} LoadGroup function}
\b\fs24 LoadGroup
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 ERRORCODE LoadGroup(HSEARCHER hsrch, PSZ pszFileName);
\par Loads the given group and associates it with the given searcher.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hsrch\tab Handle of the searcher. Must have been previously created using the \b NewSearcher\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par pszFileName\tab Address of a null-terminated string specifying the name of the file containing the group. The file is assumed to have been previously saved using the \b SaveGroup\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns 0 if successful; an error value otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("NewSearcher;SaveGroup;fts_errorcode")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("NewSearcher;SaveGroup;fts_errorcode")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:014b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} NewCompressor function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6K_G_0Q}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_phrase_compress;NewCompressor}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} NewCompressor function}
\b\fs24 NewCompressor
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 HCOMPRESSOR NewCompressor(UINT iCharsetDefault);
\par Creates a phrase compressor. The compressor can subsequently be used to compress text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 iCharsetDefault\tab Default character set index for compression. Can be one of these values:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3425\ri125\fi-1985\brdrb\brdrs\tx3415 \b Value\tab \plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3425\ri125\fi-1985\tx3415 ANSI_CHARSET\tab 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3415 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3415 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns the handle of the new compressor if successful; NULL otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("DeleteCompressor")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("DeleteCompressor")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:014c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} NewHiliter function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5H38_P2}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_topic_hiliting;NewHiliter}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} NewHiliter function}
\b\fs24 NewHiliter
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 HHILITER NewHiliter(HSEARCHER hSearcher);
\par Creates a hiliter. The hiliter can subsequently be used to find search target words and phrases within a topic.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hSearcher\tab Handle to a previously created searcher.:
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns the handle of the new compressor if successful; NULL otherwise. For NULL results you can call GetLastError to retrieve an error code value.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("DeleteHiliter")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("DeleteHiliter")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:014d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} NewIndex function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 142WGWV}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_Index_Construct;NewIndex}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} NewIndex function}
\b\fs24 NewIndex
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 HINDEX NewIndex(const PBYTE pbSourceName, UINT uiTime1, UINT uiTime2, UINT iCharsetDefault, UINT lcidDefault, UINT fdwOptions);
\par Creates a full-text-search index that supports the types of searches specified by the fdwOptions parameters. Entries can be added to the index by using the \b ScanTopicTitle\plain\f1\fs16  and \b ScanTopicText\plain\f1\fs16  functions.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 pbSourceName\tab Address of a null-terminated string specifying the name of the file (or text source) for which the index file is being created.
\par uiTime1\tab Low 32-bits of the 64-bit value identifying the creation date and time of the index.
\par uiTime2\tab High 32-bits of the 64-bit value identifying the creation date and time of the index.
\par iCharsetDefault\tab Default character set index for compression. Can be one of these values:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3425\ri125\fi-1985\brdrb\brdrs\tx3415 \b Value\tab \plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3425\ri125\fi-1985\tx3415 ANSI_CHARSET\tab 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 lcidDefault\tab Default locale for the index. Can be any valid locale identifier.
\par fdwOptions\tab Type of index to create or action to take. Can be a combination of these values:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3425\ri125\fi-1985\brdrb\brdrs\tx3415 \b Value\tab Meaning\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3425\ri125\fi-1985\tx3415 TOPIC_SEARCH\tab Can search for topics containing a given word or combination of words. If no other option is given, this option is required.
\par PHRASE_SEARCH\tab Can search for topics containing a given phrase or combination of phrases.
\par PHRASE_FEEDBACK\tab Can provide feedback about the validity of a phrase before carrying out a search. As the user constructs a phrase, the full-text engine can list the words that the user can type next to create a valid phrase. This option is valid only if PHRASE_SEARCH is also given.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3425\ri125\fi-1985\tx3415 VECTOR_SEARCH\tab Can search for topics that are similar. Similarity is based on the use and frequency of words in the topics. This option is valid only if both PHRASE_SEARCH and PHRASE_FEEDBACK are also given.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3415 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3415 \plain\f1\fs16 The following values are define how topics are displayed:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\brdrb\brdrs\tx1795 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\tx1795 WINHELP_INDEX\tab Not used.
\par USE_VA_ADDR\tab Send MSG_FTS_JUMP_VA message to get a topic displayed.
\par USE_QWORD_JUMP\tab Send MSG_FTS_JUMP_QWORD message to get a topic displayed.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 If neither USE_VA_ADDR nor USE_QWORD_JUMP is part of fdwOptions, the MSG_FTS_JUMP_HASH message will be used to display topics.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns the handle of the index if successful; NULL otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("ScanTopicTitle;ScanTopicText;MSG_FTS_JUMP;MSG_FTS_JUMP_QWORD")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("ScanTopicTitle;ScanTopicText;MSG_FTS_JUMP;MSG_FTS_JUMP_QWORD")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:014e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} NewSearcher function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FPLTXC}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_Search;NewSearcher}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} NewSearcher function}
\b\fs24 NewSearcher
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 HSEARCHER NewSearcher();
\par Creates a new searcher. The searcher can be associated with one or more indexes and used to search for words and phrases in the source file associated with the indexes.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns the handle of the searcher if successful; NULL otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("OpenIndex;OpenDialog")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("OpenIndex;OpenDialog")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:014f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} OpenDialog function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DJZ8B4}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} OpenDialog}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} OpenDialog function}
\b\fs24 OpenDialog
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 HWND OpenDialog(HSEARCHER hsrch, HWND hwndParent);
\par Opens a dialog box for the given searcher. The dialog box prompts users for words and phrases to search for. Before you call \b OpenDialog\plain\f1\fs16  you must load indices by calling either \b LoadGroup\plain\f1\fs16  or \b OpenIndex\plain\f1\fs16 .
\par The new dialog box will be created invisible and disabled.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hsrch\tab Handle of the searcher to associate with the dialog box. Must have been previously created using the \b NewSearcher\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par hwndParent\tab Handle of the parent window for the dialog box. If NULL, the desktop is assumed to be the parent.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns the handle of the dialog box if successful; NULL otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("NewSearcher")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("NewSearcher")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0150}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} OpenIndex function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1MJJIW0}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_Search;OpenIndex}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} OpenIndex function}
\b\fs24 OpenIndex
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 INT OpenIndex(HSEARCHER hsrch, PSZ pszIndexFileName, PBYTE pbSourceName, PUINT pcbSourceNameLimit, PUINT pTime1, PUINT pTime2);
\par Opens the given index file for use by the given searcher. It will optionally verify that the supplied *pbSourceName, *pTime1, and *pTime2 values match those stored in the index file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\brdrb\brdrs\tx1795 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\tx1795 hsrch\tab Handle of the searcher to associate with the dialog box. Must have been previously created using the \b NewSearcher\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par pszIndexFileName\tab Address of a null-terminated string that specifies the name of the index file to open. The index file is assumed to have been previously created using the \b SaveIndex\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par pbSourceName\tab Address of the buffer that receives the name of the source files associated with the index. This is the same as the source name associated with the index when created. If on entry this pointer refers to a non-null string, that string will be compared against the source name stored in the index file. The OpenIndex operation will fail if the strings do not compare equal. The comparison, when performed, will also examine *pcbSourceNameLimit.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\tx1795 pcbSourceNameLimit\tab Address of the variable that receives the size in bytes of the source name. On entry that variable is assumed to contain the size of the pbSourceName buffer. If that size is smaller than the original source name, the value copied to pbSourceName will be truncated accordingly.
\par pTime1\tab Address of the variable that receives the low 32 bits of the 64-bit time value associated with the index. If on entry this points to a non-zero value, that value will be compared against the corresponding value in the index file, and the OpenIndex operation will fail if the two values are unequal.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\tx1795 pTime2\tab Address of the variable that receives the high 32 bits of the 64-bit time value associated with the index. If on entry this points to a non-zero value, that value will be compared against the corresponding value in the index file, and the OpenIndex operation will fail if the two values are unequal.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns a non-negative integer identifying the index file if successful and a negative error value otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("NewSearcher;SaveIndex;fts_errorcode")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("NewSearcher;SaveIndex;fts_errorcode")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0151}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} QueryHilites function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3273GCG}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_Search;QueryHilites}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} QueryHilites function}
\b\fs24 QueryHilites
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 INT QueryHilites(HHILITER hHiliter, INT base, INT limit cHilites, HILITE* paHilites);
\par Retrieves hilite information for the specified region of the scanned text.  The buffer pointed to should be preallocated with the appropriate number of slots of type \b HILITE.
\par \plain\f1\fs16 The result includes hilited words/phrases which fall partially inside the designated region.\f4\fs22  
\par \f1\fs16 If you want to call hilites sequentially, you can use the following loop:\f4\fs22  
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 \f1\fs16 \tab while (QueryHilites(hHiliter, base, limit, 1, pHilite)) 
\par \tab \{\-
\par \tab // TODO -- your processing code\f4\fs22 
\par \f1\fs16 \tab base = pHilite->limit;\f4\fs22  
\par \tab \'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \f1\b\fs16 Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hHiliter\tab Handle of the hiliter to query. Must have been previously created using the \b NewHiliter\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par base\tab Byte offset to the beginning of a display text region to query.
\par limit\tab Byte offset to just beyond the end of a display text reqion. You may use -1 to indicate the end of the entire display text.
\par paHilites\tab Address of a vector of \b HILITE\plain\f1\fs16  items. The hilite results will be copied to this vector. It is presumed to be large enough to contain all the hilites for the region. You can find out how many hilites will be returned by calling \b CountHiltes\plain\f1\fs16  first.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns the number of hilites if successful; an error value otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("QueryHilites;CountHilites;ScanDisplayText;ClearDisplayText;fts_errorcode")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("NewHiliter;ScanDisplayText;ClearDisplayText;CountHilites;fts_errorcode")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0152}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} QueryOptions function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 14VIEY}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_Search;QueryOptions}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} QueryOptions function}
\b\fs24 QueryOptions
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 ERRORCODE QueryOptions(HSEARCHER hsrch, INT iIndex, PUINT pfdwOptions);
\par Indicates the type of searching supported by the given index.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hsrch\tab Handle of the searcher to associate with the dialog box. Must have been previously created using the \b NewSearcher\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par iIndex\tab Integer identifying the index to query. Must have been previously returned by the \b OpenIndex \plain\f1\fs16 function.
\par pfdwOptions\tab Address of the variable that receives one or more of these search type values:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3425\ri125\fi-1985\brdrb\brdrs\tx3415 \b Value\tab Meaning\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3425\ri125\fi-1985\tx3415 TOPIC_SEARCH\tab Can search for topics containing a given word or combination of words. If no other option is given, this option is required.
\par PHRASE_SEARCH\tab Can search for topics containing a given phrase or combination of phrases.
\par PHRASE_FEEDBACK\tab Can provide feedback about the validity of a phrase before carrying out a search. As the user constructs a phrase, the full-text engine can list the words that the user can type next to create a valid phrase. This option is valid only if PHRASE_SEARCH is also given.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3425\ri125\fi-1985\tx3415 VECTOR_SEARCH\tab Can search for topics that are similar. Similarity is based on the use and frequency of words in the topics. This option is valid only if both PHRASE_SEARCH and PHRASE_FEEDBACK are also given.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3415 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx3415 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns 0 if successful; an error value otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("NewSearcher;OpenIndex;fts_errorcode")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("NewSearcher;OpenIndex;fts_errorcode")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0153}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} RegisterAnimator function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1DOJ_ED}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_Index_Construct;RegisterAnimator}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} RegisterAnimator function}
\b\fs24 RegisterAnimator
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 ERRORCODE RegisterAnimator(ANIMATOR pAnimator, HWND hwndAnimator);
\par Registers the given animator procedure and associates it with the given window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 pAnimator\tab Address of an \b AnimatorProc\plain\f1\fs16 , a program-supplied callback function that carries out the animation.
\par hwndAnimator\tab Handle of the window associated with the \b AnimatorProc\plain\f1\fs16 .
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 When an \b AnimatorProc\plain\f1\fs16  is registered, the index construction code will call it frequently. The purpose of an \b AnimatorProc\plain\f1\fs16  is to drive an animation or a progress indicator while an index is being constructed. Your \b AnimatorProc\plain\f1\fs16  should be designed to avoid consuming large amounts of processor time. One good strategy is to use a global variable together with calls to \b GetTickCount\plain\f1\fs16  to keep track of how much time has elapsed since the last animation action.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns 0 if successful; an error value otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("AnimatorProc;GetTickCount;fts_errorcode")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("AnimatorProc;GetTickCount;fts_errorcode")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0154}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} SaveGroup function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3KQ8HOP}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_Search;SaveGroup}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} SaveGroup function}
\b\fs24 SaveGroup
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 ERRORCODE SaveGroup(HSEARCHER hsrch, PSZ pszFileName);
\par Saves information about the indexes which have been opened by the given searcher in the given file. That group of indices can be loaded and associated with a searcher later by using the \b LoadGroup\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hsrch\tab Handle of the searcher to associate with the dialog box. Must have been previously created using the \b NewSearcher\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par pszFileName\tab Address of a null-terminated string specifying the name of the file to receive the group information.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns 0 if successful; an error value otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("LoadGroup;NewSearcher;fts_errorcode")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("LoadGroup;NewSearcher;fts_errorcode")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0155}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} SaveIndex function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2YIS_SH}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_Index_Construct;SaveIndex}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} SaveIndex function}
\b\fs24 SaveIndex
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 ERRORCODE SaveIndex(HINDEX hinx, PSZ pszFileName);
\par Saves a new index by copying it to the given file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hinx\tab Handle of an index. Must have been previously created using the \b NewIndex\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par pszFileName\tab Address of a null-terminated string specifying the name of the index file to create.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns 0 if successful; an error value otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("NewIndex;fts_errorcode")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("NewIndex;fts_errorcode")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0156}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ScanDisplayText function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _EWUUE}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_topic_hiliting;ScanDisplayText}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ScanDisplayText function}
\b\fs24 ScanDisplayText
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 ERRORCODE ScanDisplayText(HHILITER hHiliter, BYTE* pbText, int cbText, UINT iCharset, LCID lcid);
\par This function supplies the display text for which hilite information is to be computed.  It may be called repeatedly to pass across the relevant display text. This is necessary when the text is composed of segments with different Charsets and/or Locales.\f5\fs22 
\par \f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hHiliter\tab Handle of the hiliter. Must have been previously created using the \b NewHiliter\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par pbText\tab Address of the buffer containing the text to be scanned.
\par cbText\tab Size in bytes of the text.
\par iCharset\tab Character set of the text to be compressed. If this parameter is USE_DEFAULT, the function uses the default character set specified when the compressor was created.
\par  lcid\tab Locale identifier of the text to scan. If this parameter is USE_DEFAULT, the function uses the default locale specified when the index was created.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns 0 if successful; an error value otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("fts_errorcode;ClearDisplayText;CountHilites;QueryHilites ")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("FTS_topic_hiliting;fts_errorcode;ClearDisplayText;CountHilites;QueryHilites;NewHiliter")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0157}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ScanText function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 0BEWMY}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_phrase_compress;ScanText}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ScanText function}
\b\fs24 ScanText
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 ERRORCODE ScanText(HCOMPRESSOR hcmp, PBYTE pbText, UINT cbText, UINT iCharset);
\par Scans the given text to gather statistics about word usage. Those statistics are used to generate the phrase table returned by \b GetPhraseTable\plain\f1\fs16  and used by \b CompressText\plain\f1\fs16  and \b DecompressText\plain\f1\fs16 .
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hcmp\tab Handle of the compressor. Must have been previously created using the \b NewCompressor\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par pbText\tab Address of the buffer containing the text to be scanned.
\par cbText\tab Size in bytes of the text.
\par iCharset\tab Character set of the text to be compressed. If this parameter is USE_DEFAULT, the function uses the default character set specified when the compressor was created.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns 0 if successful; an error value otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("fts_errorcode;GetPhraseTable;CompressText;DecompressText;NewCompressor")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("fts_errorcode;GetPhraseTable;CompressText;DecompressText;NewCompressor")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0158}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ScanTopicText function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1NK4.UJ}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_Index_Construct;ScanTopicText}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ScanTopicText function}
\b\fs24 ScanTopicText
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 ERRORCODE ScanTopicText(HINDEX hinx, PBYTE pbText, UINT cbText, UINT iCharset, UINT lcid);
\par Adds information about the words or phrases in *pbText to the given index, associating them with the current topic.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hinx\tab Handle of an index. Must have been previously created using the \b NewIndex\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par pbText\tab Address of the buffer containing the text to scan. The text can be any combination of words and punctuation.
\par cbText\tab Size in bytes of the text to scan.
\par iCharset\tab Character set of the text to scan. If this parameter is USE_DEFAULT, the function uses the default character set specified when the index was created.
\par lcid\tab Locale identifier of the text to scan. If this parameter is USE_DEFAULT, the function uses the default locale specified when the index was created.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns 0 if successful; an error value otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("ScanTopicTitle;NewIndex;fts_errorcode")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("ScanTopicTitle;NewIndex;fts_errorcode")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0159}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ScanTopicTitle function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1J9SVS2}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_Index_Construct;ScanTopicTitle}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ScanTopicTitle function}
\b\fs24 ScanTopicTitle
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 ERRORCODE ScanTopicTitle(HINDEX hinx, PBYTE pbTitle, UINT cbTitle, UINT iTopic, HANDLE hTopic, UINT iCharset, UINT lcid);
\par Begins a new topic and defines a title and handle values for the topic. The title text is internally passed to \b ScanTopicText\plain\f1\fs16 , and is considered part of the topic text during search transactions.
\par Subsequent calls to \b ScanTopicText\plain\f1\fs16  are associated with this topic until another call to \b ScanTopicTitle\plain\f1\fs16  or a call to \b SaveIndex\plain\f1\fs16 .
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hinx\tab Handle of an index to add the topic to. Must have been previously created using the \b NewIndex\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par pbTitle\tab Address of the buffer containing the title of the topic. The text can be any combination of words and punctuation.
\par cbTitle\tab Size in bytes of the title.
\par iTopic\tab The high 32 bits of a 64-bit value which will identify this topic. This value is relevant when the USE_QWORD_JUMP option has been set at index creation time.
\par hTopic\tab The low 32 bits of a 64-bit value which will identify this topic.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 iCharset\tab Character set of the title text. If this parameter is USE_DEFAULT, the function uses the default character set specified when the index was created.
\par lcid\tab Locale identifier of the title text. If this parameter is USE_DEFAULT, the function uses the default locale specified when the index was created.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns 0 if successful; an error value otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("ScanTopicText;SaveIndex;NewIndex;fts_errorcode")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("ScanTopicText;SaveIndex;NewIndexfts_errorcode")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:015a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} SetPhraseTable function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 28EJXX}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_phrase_compress;SetPhraseTable}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} SetPhraseTable function}
\b\fs24 SetPhraseTable
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 ERRORCODE SetPhraseTable(HCOMPRESSOR hcmp, PBYTE pbImages, UINT cbImages, BYTE pacbImageCompressed, UINT cbCompressed);
\par Sets the phrase table for the given compressor. Use this function to set a phrase table that you previously retrieved with the \b GetPhraseTable\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1985\ri125\fi-1855\brdrb\brdrs\tx1975 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1985\ri125\fi-1855\tx1975 hcmp\tab Handle of the compressor to add the table to. Must have been previously created using the \b NewCompressor\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par pbImages\tab Address of the buffer containing the phrase images.
\par cbImages\tab Count of phrase images.
\par pacbImageCompressed\tab Address of the buffer containing information about the phrase sizes.
\par cbCompressed\tab Size in bytes of the compressed image data.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1975 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1975 \plain\f1\fs16 Returns 0 if successful; an error value otherwise.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("GetPhraseTable;NewCompressor;fts_errorcode")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("GetPhraseTable;NewCompressor;fts_errorcode")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:015b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} SetDirectoryLocator function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1NGAQTY}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} SetDirectoryLocator}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} SetDirectoryLocator function}
\b\fs24 SetDirectoryLocator
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 void SetDirectoryLocator(HWND hwndLocator);\plain\f0\fs21 
\par \f1\fs16 Defines the window which will respond to MSG_FTS_WHERE_IS_IT messages.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hwndLocator\tab Handle of an index to add the topic to. Must have been previously created using the \b NewIndex\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 None.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,KL("NewIndex;MSG_FTS_WHERE_IS_IT")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!KL("NewIndex;MSG_FTS_WHERE_IS_IT")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:015c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Stemmer function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 11F1EE.}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} Stemmer}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Stemmer function}
\b\fs24 Stemmer
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 void APIENTRY Stemmer(LPTSTR pWordToStem, WORD cCharsInWordToStem);
\par Maps a word to the smallest related concept name.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1885\ri125\fi-1755\brdrb\brdrs\tx1885 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1885\ri125\fi-1755\tx1885 pWordToStem\tab Address of the null-terminated word string which is to be stemmed. The string is a Unicode string where each character is represented by a 16-bit value, and the terminating null is a 16-bit zero.
\par \tab The stemmed result will be written into this memory area.
\par cCharsInWordToStem\tab Count in bytes of the length of the word to be stemmed. This count does not include the trailing null character.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1885 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1885 \plain\f1\fs16 None.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("FTS_NLS")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("FTS_NLS")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:015d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} MSG_FTS_GET_TITLE message}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MSG_FTS_GET_TITLE}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_Search;MSG_FTS_GET_TITLE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} MSG_FTS_GET_TITLE message}
\b\fs24 MSG_FTS_GET_TITLE
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 MSG_FTS_GET_TITLE\line
wParam = (WPARAM)(UINT)index;\line
lParam = (LPARAM)(const PBYTE *)ppszTitle;
\par Sent to the program when the title for the given topic is needed.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 index\tab Value of wParam. Integer value uniquely identifying an index. This value is returned by \b OpenIndex\plain\f1\fs16 .
\par ppszTitle\tab Value of lParam. Address of the variable which will be set to point to the title string for the designated index. If the index is invalid or not title is available, *ppszTitle should be set to NULL.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Return zero if the program processes the message.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("ScanTopicTitle;OpenIndex")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("ScanTopicTitle;OpenIndex")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:015e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} MSG_FTS_JUMP_HASH message}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MSG_FTS_JUMP_HASH}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_Search;MSG_FTS_JUMP_HASH}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} MSG_FTS_JUMP_HASH message}
\b\fs24 MSG_FTS_JUMP_HASH
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 MSG_FTS_JUMP_HASH\line
wParam = (WPARAM)(UINT)index;\line
lParam = (WPARAM)(UINT)HashValue;
\par Sent to the program when the topic associated with the given lParam value needs to be displayed. (The Windows Help engine interprets this value as a hash value. Other programs should interpret the value as appropriate.)
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 index\tab Value of wParam. Integer value uniquely identifying an index. This value is returned by \b OpenIndex\plain\f1\fs16  when the index was added to the searcher. If have loaded a collection of indices by calling \b LoadGroup\plain\f1\fs16 , you must keep track of the index numbers in place when the group was saved by the \b SaveGroup\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par HashValue\tab Value of lParam. Integer value associated with the topic when the topic was added to the index. (Corresponds to the hTopic parameter in the \b ScanTopicTitle\plain\f1\fs16  function.)
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Return zero if the program processes the message.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("ScanTopicTitle;OpenIndex;LoadGroup;SaveGroup")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("ScanTopicTitle;OpenIndex;LoadGroup;SaveGroup")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:015f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} MSG_FTS_JUMP_QWORD message}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MSG_FTS_JUMP_QWORD}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} MSG_FTS_JUMP_QWORD}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} MSG_FTS_JUMP_QWORD message}
\b\fs24 MSG_FTS_JUMP_QWORD
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 MSG_FTS_JUMP_QWORD\line
wParam = (WPARAM)(UINT)index;\line
lParam = (LPARAM)(PQWordAddress)pQWA;
\par Sent to the program when the topic associated with a given quadword address needs to be displayed. This message is sent if and only if the index was created using the USE_QWORD_JUMP option.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 index\tab Value of wParam. Integer value uniquely identifying an index. This value is returned by \b OpenIndex\plain\f1\fs16  when the index was added to the searcher. If have loaded a collection of indices by calling \b LoadGroup\plain\f1\fs16 , you must keep track of the index numbers in place when the group was saved by the \b SaveGroup\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par pQWA\tab Value of lParam. Address of a \b QWordAddress\plain\f1\fs16  structure associated with the topic when the topic was added to the index. (Corresponds to the hTopic parameter in the \b ScanTopicTitle\plain\f1\fs16  function.)
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Return zero if the program processes the message.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("ScanTopicTitle;OpenIndex;LoadGroup;SaveGroup;QWordAddress")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("ScanTopicTitle;OpenIndex;LoadGroup;SaveGroup;QWordAddress")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0160}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} MSG_FTS_JUMP_VA message}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MSG_FTS_JUMP_VA}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} MSG_FTS_JUMP_VA}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} MSG_FTS_JUMP_VA message}
\b\fs24 MSG_FTS_JUMP_VA
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 MSG_FTS_JUMP_VA\line
wParam = (WPARAM)(UINT)index;\line
lParam = (LPARAM)(UINT)VirtualAddress;
\par Sent to the program when the topic associated with a given virtual address needs to be displayed. This message is sent if and only if the index was created using the USE_VA_ADDR value.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 index\tab Value of wParam. Integer value uniquely identifying the index which sent this message. This is the value is returned by \b OpenIndex\plain\f1\fs16  when the index was added to the searcher. If you have loaded a collection of indices by calling \b LoadGroup\plain\f1\fs16 , you must keep track of the index numbers in place when the group was saved by the \b SaveGroup\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par pQWA\tab Value of lParam. Address of a \b QWordAddress\plain\f1\fs16  structure. This is a 64-bit value associated with the topic when the topic was added to the index. (Corresponds to the iTopic and hTopic parameters in the \b ScanTopicTitle\plain\f1\fs16  function.)
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Return zero if the program processes the message.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("ScanTopicTitle;OpenIndex;LoadGroup;SaveGroup;QWordAddress")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("ScanTopicTitle;OpenIndex;LoadGroup;SaveGroup;QWordAddress")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0161}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} MSG_FTS_WHERE_IS_IT message}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MSG_FTS_WHERE_IS_IT}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_Search;MSG_FTS_WHERE_IS_IT}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} MSG_FTS_WHERE_IS_IT message}
\b\fs24 MSG_FTS_WHERE_IS_IT
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 MSG_FTS_WHERE_IS_IT\line
wParam = (WPARAM)(UINT)fStartEnumeration;\line
lParam = (LPARAM)(LPTSTR)pszFile;
\par Sent to the locator window when a file cannot be opened or created, or when the file content is invalid. This message is a request for an alternate directory location for that file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\brdrb\brdrs\tx1795 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\tx1795 fStartEnumeration\tab Value of wParam. Indicates whether the location enumeration is starting or continuing. A value of TRUE indicates that the first location in the enumeration sequence should be returned. A value of FALSE indicates that the next location in the enumeration sequence should be returned.
\par pszFile\tab Value of lParam. Address of a file name buffer. On entry this buffer will contain the filename which was attempted. On exit the path portion of the filename should be adjusted to refer to the next candidate location for opening or creating a file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \plain\f1\fs16 Return zero if the program processes the message.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("ScanTopicTitle")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("ScanTopicTitle")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0162}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} MSG_REINDEX_REQUEST message}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MSG_REINDEX_REQUEST}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} FTS_Search;MSG_REINDEX_REQUEST}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} MSG_REINDEX_REQUEST message}
\b\fs24 MSG_REINDEX_REQUEST
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 MSG_REINDEX_REQUEST
\par Sent to the program when the \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 Rebuild\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  button is pressed. The program should use the \b NewIndex\plain\f1\fs16  and related functions to create a new indices.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Return zero if the program processes the message.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("NewIndex")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("NewIndex")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0163}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} HILITE structure}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2AWWQUR}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} HILITE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HILITE structure}
\b\fs24 HILITE
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 typedef struct _HILITE \{\-\line
    INT base; \line
    INT limit;\line
\'7d HILITE, *PHILITE;
\par This structure is used with the QueryHilites function. It defines byte span within a display text region that contain a word or phrase targeted by the searcher associated with a particular hiliter.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("CountHiltes;QueryHilites")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("ScanDisplayText;ClearDisplayText;CountHilites ")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0164}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} QWordAddress structure}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TMGNIJ}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} QWordAddress}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} QWordAddress structure}
\b\fs24 QWordAddress
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 typedef struct _QWordAddress \{\-\line
    UINT   iSerial; \line
    HANDLE hTopic;\line
\'7d QWordAddress, *PQWordAddress;
\par This structure is used with the MSG_FTS_JUMP_QWORD message. It contains two 32-bit values associated with a topic by the \b ScanTopicTitle\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("ScanTopicTitle;MSG_FTS_JUMP_QWORD")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("ScanTopicTitle;MSG_FTS_JUMP_QWORD")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0165}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ERRORCODE values}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 13SGWQZ}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} fts_errorcode}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} full-text search;full-text search, error code values}
\b\fs24 ERRORCODE Values
\par \trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 ALIGNMENT_ERROR\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Invalid phrase table passed to \b SetPhraseTable\plain\f1\fs16 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 ALREADY_WEIGHED\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Cannot call \b ScanString\plain\f1\fs16  after \b GetPhraseTable\plain\f1\fs16 , \b CompressString\plain\f1\fs16 , or \b DecompressString\plain\f1\fs16 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 CANNOT_LOAD\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 An index file could not be opened or had a structure error, or was wrong version.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 CANNOT_OPEN\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Could not open an index file or a group file.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 CANNOT_SAVE\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Invalid file name given to \b SaveIndex\plain\f1\fs16  or \b SaveGroup\plain\f1\fs16 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 DIALOG_ALREADY_ACTIVE\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Cannot call \b OpenIndex\plain\f1\fs16  after \b OpenDialog\plain\f1\fs16 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 DISK_READ_ERROR\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A read from a disk file failed.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 DISK_WRITE_ERROR\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A write to a disk file failed.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 EMPTY_PHRASE_TABLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Cannot call \b OpenIndex\plain\f1\fs16  after \b LoadGroup\plain\f1\fs16 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 GROUP_LOADED_ALREADY\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Cannot load more than one group at a time.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 INDEX_LOADED_ALREADY\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Cannot \b LoadGroup\plain\f1\fs16  again after an index or group has been loaded..\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 INVALID_INDEX\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Index identifier is not valid in call to \b DiscardIndex\plain\f1\fs16  or \b QueryOptions\plain\f1\fs16 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 INVALID_LCID\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Locale identifier is not valid.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 INVALID_PHRASE_TABLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Format of phrase table is not valid.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 NO_INDICES_LOADED\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b SaveGroup\plain\f1\fs16  called with no indices loaded.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 NO_TEXT_SCANNED\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 No calls to \b ScanText\plain\f1\fs16  or \b SetPhraseTable\plain\f1\fs16  before a call to \b GetPhraseTable\plain\f1\fs16 , \b CompressString\plain\f1\fs16 , or \b DecompressString\plain\f1\fs16 .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 NO_TITLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b ScanTopicText\plain\f1\fs16  called before \b ScanTopicTitle\plain\f1\fs16 , or no topics scanned at \b SaveIndex\plain\f1\fs16  time.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 NOT_COMPRESSOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Compressor handle is not valid.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 NOT_INDEXER\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Index handle is not valid.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 NOT_SEARCHER\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Searcher handle is not valid.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 OUT_OF_DISK\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A write operation failed for lack of disk space.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 OUT_OF_MEMORY\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A virtual memory allocation failed.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 SEARCH_ABORTED\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A search has been canceled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 SYSTEM_ERROR\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A programming error has been detected.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2515\cellx6415\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 UNKNOWN_EXCEPTION\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 An unanticipated exceptional condition has occurred. This probably indicates a programming error.\cell\intbl\row
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00d8}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Writing DLLs for WinHelp}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DLLs;DLLs, writing for WinHelp;WinHelp 4.0;WinHelp 4.0, DLL access}
\b\fs24 Writing DLLs for WinHelp
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 A dynamic-link library (DLL) is an executable module containing functions that Windows-based programs (like WinHelp) can call to perform useful tasks. WinHelp accesses DLLs in two ways:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab Through DLL functions registered as Help macros in a project (.hpj) file. These functions can then be used in hotspots and macro \ul footnotes\plain\f1\fs16 {\v .NSQ_T} in topic files.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab Through embedded window (\b \{\-ew\plain\f1\fs16 x\b \'7d\plain\f1\fs16 ) references in topic files.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 If WinHelp's internal macro set doesn't provide all the functionality you need for a Help file, you can write your own DLLs to add extensions to WinHelp. You can extend WinHelp by providing custom DLLs containing author-defined WinHelp macros and by providing DLL access through embedded-window references.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 When creating DLLs for embedded windows, you must follow all the standard design requirements for Windows DLLs. These requirements are described in the Microsoft Win32 Software Development Kit (SDK).
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 To create DLLs for WinHelp, you need the Microsoft Win32 SDK and the Microsoft C/C++ development system or greater, or the Microsoft QuickC graphical development environment.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab If your version 4.0 Help file calls a 16-bit DLL, you will not be able to use WinHelp version 4.0 on Windows\'a0NT (WINHLP32.EXE) to display the Help file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`ewx;HELPDLL')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`ewx;HELPDLL')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00d9}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Registering DLL functions as Help macros}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DLL_REGISTER_CUSTOM_MACROS}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DLL_REGISTER_CUSTOM_MACROS;HELPDLL}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DLLs;DLLs, registering as Help macros;macros,;macros, registering DLLs}
\b\fs24 Registering DLL Functions as Help Macros
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can use the \b RegisterRoutine\plain\f1\fs16  macro to register any DLL function as a WinHelp macro. When registering a DLL function, you provide Help with the following information:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab DLL filename.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab Function name.
\par \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab Data type returned by the function.
\par \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab Number and type of function parameters.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 To register the DLL function, you enter a \b RegisterRoutine\plain\f1\fs16  macro in the \b [CONFIG]\plain\f1\fs16  section of the Help project file. (If you don't register the DLL function in the \b [CONFIG]\plain\f1\fs16  section, you must register it another way before using the function.) The \b RegisterRoutine\plain\f1\fs16  macros are run when the Help file is opened, so the registered functions are available during the entire Help session. You must register a DLL routine before using it, or the Help compiler will report an error when it encounters the unregistered macro in the RTF source files, and the macro will not work when run in the built Help file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 To determine the data type of the function's parameters, consult the application programming interface (API) documentation for the DLL, or ask the person who developed the DLL. For information on parameter types of Windows functions, see the Win32s SDK.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW;RegisterRoutine')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW;RegisterRoutine')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00da}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} How WinHelp locates DLLs}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DLL_WRITE_HELP_LOCATE}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DLL_WRITE_HELP_LOCATE;HELPDLL}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DLLs;DLLs, how WinHelp locates}
\b\fs24 How WinHelp Locates DLLs
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 When running custom DLLs using the \b RegisterRoutine\plain\f1\fs16  macro, WinHelp loads the DLL only when it is needed by the Help file. To load a DLL , Help must be able to find it on the user's system. When preparing to use a .DLL, Help looks in the following locations, in the following order:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab The folder of the current Help file (used in inter-file jumps and when loading Help dynamic link libraries).
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab The Windows SYSTEM folder.
\par \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab The HELP folder in the Windows folder.
\par \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab The Windows folder.
\par \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab The folder specified in WINHELP.INI, if any.
\par \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab The PATH environment.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 If Help cannot find the DLL after searching in all these locations, it displays an error message.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 To increase the likelihood that Help will locate the DLL quickly, you should also observe the following guidelines:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab Use unique names for all DLLs accessed by the Help file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab When installing your program on a user's hard disk drive, your setup program should copy all custom DLLs to the folder where Help is located.
\par \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab If your product is distributed on CD-ROM, copy WINHELP.EXE and any custom DLLs to the user's hard disk drive.
\par \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab Define a WINHELP.INI entry for each custom DLL that your Help file is using so that Help knows where to locate them.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00db}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} WinHelp internal variables}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DLL_WRITE_WINHELP_VARIABLES}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DLL_WRITE_WINHELP_VARIABLES;HELPDLL}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DLLs;DLLs, WinHelp internal variables;topic number;WinHelp 4.0;WinHelp 4.0, internal variables for DLLs}
\b\fs24 WinHelp Internal Variables
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 In general, after you register a DLL function as a Help macro, you can specify WinHelp internal variables as parameters to that function when the function appears in hotspots or macro \ul footnotes.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v .NSQ_T}
\par In this section, you'll learn about other WinHelp internal variables that you can pass to DLL functions registered as WinHelp macros. This section also examines in detail one variable that controls how the DLL handles WinHelp errors.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b List of Variables
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can use any of the following WinHelp internal variables in DLL functions.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435\tx2605 \b Variable\tab Format Spec\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2605\ri125\fi-2475\tx1435\tx2605 \plain\f1\fs16 hwndApp\tab U\tab 32-bit handle to the \ul main Help window.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v O8.Q2} This variable is guaranteed to be valid only while the function is running.
\par hwndContext\tab U\tab Handle to the current active window (either the main Help window or a \ul secondary window\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2ZK4PT}).
\par qchPath\tab S\tab Fully qualified path of the currently open Help file.
\par qError\tab S\tab Long pointer to a structure containing information about the most recent WinHelp error.
\par lTopicNo\tab U\tab Topic number. This number is relative to the order of topics in the topic files used to build the Help file.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2605\ri125\fi-2475\tx1435\tx2605 hfs\tab U\tab Handle to the file system for the currently open Help file.
\par coForeground\tab U\tab Current foreground color.
\par coBackground\tab U\tab Current background color.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00dc}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Error handling}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DLL_WRITE_ERROR_HANDLING}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DLL_WRITE_ERROR_HANDLING;HELPDLL}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DLLs;DLLs, error-handling;error-handling;error-handling, error structure}
\b\fs24 Error Handling
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The qError internal variable points to a structure containing information about the most recent WinHelp error. The error structure is defined as follows:
\par \pard\keep\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 struct\line
 \{\-    WORD  fwFlags;\line
      WORD  wError;\line
      char  rgchError[wMACRO_ERROR];\line
 \'7d QME;
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b fwFlags
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The fwFlags field contains flags indicating how WinHelp responds to errors. The following are possible error flags and their values.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2785\ri125\fi-2655\brdrb\brdrs\tx1975\tx2785 \b Flag\tab Value\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2785\ri125\fi-2655\tx1975\tx2785 \plain\f1\fs16 fwMERR_ABORT\tab 0x0001\tab Allows the Abort option. This flag is set by default.
\par fwMERR_CONTINUE\tab 0x0002\tab Allows the Continue option.
\par fwMERR_RETRY\tab 0x0004\tab Allows the Retry option.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1975\tx2785 \b wError
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1975\tx2785 \plain\f1\fs16 The wError field is a number indicating the type of error that occurred. The following are possible error numbers and their values.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2785\ri125\fi-2655\brdrb\brdrs\tx1975\tx2785 \b Error\tab Number\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2785\ri125\fi-2655\tx1975\tx2785 \plain\f1\fs16 wMERR_NONE\tab 0\tab No error (initial value)
\par wMERR_MEMORY\tab 1\tab Out of memory (local)
\par wMERR_PARAM\tab 2\tab Invalid parameter passed
\par wMERR_FILE\tab 3\tab Invalid file parameter
\par wMERR_ERROR\tab 4\tab General Help macro error
\par wMERR_MESSAGE\tab 5\tab Help macro error with message
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1975\tx2785 \b rgchError
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1975\tx2785 \plain\f1\fs16 If the wError field is wMERR_MESSAGE, the rgchError field contains the error message that WinHelp displays.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00dd}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Notifying DLLs of WinHelp events}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DLL_WRITE_WINHELP_EVENTS}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DLL_WRITE_WINHELP_EVENTS;HELPDLL}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DLLs;DLLs, notifying of WinHelp events}
\b\fs24 Notifying DLLs of WinHelp Events
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You might want your DLL to receive notification of WinHelp events (for example, when the user selects a jump or changes input focus to a program other than WinHelp). To do this, you add a \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  function to the DLL. The \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  function has the job of processing messages sent from WinHelp to the DLL.
\par When WinHelp loads a custom DLL, it looks for a function named \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16 . If WinHelp finds \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16 , it calls \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16 .
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  function is illustrated in the following example:
\par \pard\keep\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 PUBLIC     LONG PASCAL EXPORT LDLLHandler(\line
     WORD     wMsg,\line
     LONG     lParam1,\line
     LONG     lParam2)\line
     \{\-\line
          switch(wMsg) \{\-\line
               case DW_WHATMSG:\line
                    return DC_INITTERM | DC_JUMP;\line
               case DW_INIT:\line
                    return TRUE;\line
               case DW_TERM:\line
                    return TRUE;\line
               case DW_ACTIVATE:\line
                    return TRUE;\line
               case DW_CHGFILE:\line
                    return TRUE;\line
     \'7d\line
     return FALSE;\'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 In this definition, wMsg identifies the message WinHelp has sent to the DLL. The two LONG parameters are passed with the message and depend on the message type.
\par When the user first performs an action that requires the custom DLL, WinHelp calls \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  with the wMsg parameter set to DW_WHATMSG. This message asks the DLL what types of WinHelp messages it wants to receive. \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  should return one or more of the flags in the following table with this information. WinHelp uses the flags returned by \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  to determine which messages the DLL wants to receive in the \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par \pard\sl-235\li125\ri125\brdrb\brdrs\tx1705\tx3955 LDLLHandler\b \line
returns\tab WinHelp sends\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3955\ri125\fi-3825\tx1705\tx3955 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 DC_MINMAX\plain\f1\ul\fs16 {\v *DC_MINMAX}\plain\f1\fs16 \tab DW_MINMAX, DW_SIZE\tab Minimize, maximize, or resize WinHelp
\par \uldb DC_INITTERM\plain\f1\ul\fs16 {\v *DC_INITTERM}\plain\f1\fs16 \tab DW_INIT, DW_TERM\tab Initialize or terminate DLL
\par \uldb DC_JUMP\plain\f1\ul\fs16 {\v *DC_JUMP}\plain\f1\fs16 \tab DW_STARTJUMP, \tab Jump or change .HLP file
\par \pard\sl-235\li3955\ri125\fi-3825\tx1705\tx3955 \tab DW_ENDJUMP, 
\par \tab DW_CHGFILE
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3955\ri125\fi-3825\tx1705\tx3955 \uldb DC_ACTIVATE\plain\f1\ul\fs16 {\v *DC_ACTIVATE}\plain\f1\fs16 \tab DW_ACTIVATE\tab Give WinHelp or another program input focus
\par \uldb DC_CALLBACKS\plain\f1\ul\fs16 {\v *DLL_WRITE_ACCESS_WH_FUNCTIONS}\plain\f1\fs16 \tab DW_CALLBACKS\tab Give DLL access to WinHelp entry points
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1705\tx3955 These flags are combined using the standard C bitwise-OR (\b |\plain\f1\fs16 ) operator. For example, many DLLs request notification when WinHelp is about to initialize or terminate them. The sample \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  function above requests this notification and asks to be notified when the user has moved the input focus to or from WinHelp. It processes the DW_WHATMSG message as follows:
\par \pard\keep\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1705\tx3955 case DW_WHATMSG: \line
     return DC_INITTERM | DC_ACTIVATE;
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW')}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DC_INITTERM flag}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DC_INITTERM}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DC_INITTERM flag;DW_INIT;DW_TERM;flags;flags, DC_INITTERM}
\b\fs24 DC_INITTERM Flag
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The DC_INITTERM flag tells WinHelp that the DLL should receive initialization and termination messages.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab DW_INIT
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 After \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  returns a DC_INITTERM flag, WinHelp sends a DW_INIT message. This message tells \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  to perform any required initialization operations (such as initializing variables or loading strings). The lParam1 and lParam2 parameters are not used.
\par If \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  returns FALSE, WinHelp unloads the DLL and stops sending messages. If \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  returns TRUE, the DLL remains loaded.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab DW_TERM
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 When the user ends a WinHelp session, WinHelp sends a DW_TERM message. This message tells \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  to perform any required cleanup operations before the DLL is unloaded from memory. The lParam1 and lParam2 parameters are not used, and the return value has no meaning.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DC_MINMAX flag}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DC_MINMAX}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DC_MINMAX flag;DW_MINMAX;DW_SIZE;flags;flags, DC_MINMAX}
\b\fs24 DC_MINMAX Flag
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The DC_MINMAX flag tells WinHelp that the DLL should receive messages when the user minimizes, maximizes, or resizes the WinHelp window.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab DW_MINMAX
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 WinHelp sends the DLL a DW_MINMAX message if the user minimizes or maximizes the context window.
\par The lParam1 parameter to DW_MINMAX indicates which operation was performed: 1L for minimized or 2L for maximized.
\par The lParam2 parameter is not used.
\par If \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  returns TRUE for this message, WinHelp continues sending this message throughout the remainder of the session; if \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  returns FALSE, WinHelp stops sending it.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab DW_SIZE
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 WinHelp sends the DLL a DW_SIZE message if the user resizes the context window.
\par The lParam1 message specifies the horizontal size of the window in the low-order word and the vertical size in the high-order word.
\par The lParam2 parameter specifies the handle of the current window.
\par If \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  returns TRUE for this message, WinHelp continues sending this message throughout the remainder of the session; if \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  returns FALSE, WinHelp stops sending it.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DC_JUMP flag}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DC_JUMP}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DC_JUMP flag;DW_CHGFILE;DW_ENDJUMP;DW_STARTJUMP;flags;flags, DC_JUMP}
\b\fs24 DC_JUMP Flag
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The DC_JUMP flag tells WinHelp that the DLL should receive messages when the user runs a jump in the Help file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab DW_STARTJUMP
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 WinHelp sends the DLL a DW_STARTJUMP message after the user runs a jump. 
\par The lParam1 parameter to DW_STARTJUMP is not used. The lParam2 parameter specifies the handle of the current parent window.
\par If \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  returns TRUE for this message, WinHelp continues sending this message throughout the remainder of the session; if \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  returns FALSE, WinHelp stops sending it.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab DW_ENDJUMP
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 WinHelp sends the DLL a DW_ENDJUMP message after it displays the jump-destination topic.
\par The lParam1 parameter specifies the byte offset of that topic within the Help file's file system. This value can be passed to the \b LSeekHf\plain\f1\fs16  function (defined in the DLL.H file) to perform a seek to that topic within the file.
\par The lParam2 parameter specifies the position of the scroll box in the topic. This value can be used in any of the standard Windows scrolling functions that accept scroll-position parameters.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 If \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  returns TRUE for this message, WinHelp continues sending this message throughout the remainder of the session; if \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  returns FALSE, WinHelp stops sending it.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab DW_CHGFILE
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 WinHelp sends the DLL a DW_CHGFILE message if the user selects Open from the File menu to change .HLP files or jumps to a topic in a different .HLP file. If the message is the result of a jump to a new file, WinHelp sends the DW_CHGFILE message between the DW_STARTJUMP and DW_ENDJUMP messages.
\par The lParam1 parameter specifies a long pointer to the .HLP filename. The lParam2 parameter is not used.
\par If \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  returns TRUE for this message, WinHelp continues sending this message throughout the remainder of the session; if \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  returns FALSE, WinHelp stops sending it.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DC_ACTIVATE flag}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DC_ACTIVATE}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DC_ACTIVATE flag;DW_ACTIVATE;flags;flags, DC_ACTIVATE}
\b\fs24 DC_ACTIVATE Flag
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The DC_ACTIVATE flag tells WinHelp that the DLL should receive a DW_ACTIVATE message when the user gives either WinHelp or another program the input focus.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab DW_ACTIVATE
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 The lParam1 parameter to the DW_ACTIVATE message specifies whether WinHelp received (nonzero LONG value) or lost (0L) the input focus. The lParam2 parameter is not used.
\par If \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  returns TRUE for this message, WinHelp continues sending this message throughout the remainder of the session; if \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  returns FALSE, WinHelp stops sending it.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00de}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Calling WinHelp internal functions}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DLL_WRITE_CALL_WH_INTERNAL}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DLL_WRITE_CALL_WH_INTERNAL;HELPDLL}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DLLs;DLLs, calling WinHelp internal functions;WinHelp 4.0;WinHelp 4.0, calling internal functions}
\b\fs24 Calling WinHelp Internal Functions
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp provides DLL authors with access to 16 of its internal functions. These functions perform operations in the internal .HLP file system, get global information about the currently open Help file, or display information in a standard WinHelp dialog box.
\par In this section, you'll learn how to access six of these internal functions. An overview of the mechanism is as follows:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab WinHelp sends a DW_WHATMSG message to the DLL.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab The \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  function in the DLL processes the DW_WHATMSG message by returning a DC_CALLBACKS flag.
\par \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab WinHelp sends a DW_CALLBACKS message specifying a pointer to an array of WinHelp internal functions.
\par \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab The \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  function uses the pointer passed in the DW_CALLBACKS message to obtain pointers to the WinHelp functions it will use.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00df}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Accessing WinHelp functions}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DLL_WRITE_ACCESS_WH_FUNCTIONS}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DLL_WRITE_ACCESS_WH_FUNCTIONS;embed_dll;HELPDLL}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DLLs;DLLs, accessing WinHelp functions}
\b\fs24 Accessing WinHelp Functions (DW_CALLBACKS)
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If a DLL wants access to WinHelp internal functions, its \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  function handles the DW_WHATMSG message by returning a DC_CALLBACKS flag. When it gets this flag, WinHelp sends a DW_CALLBACKS message to the DLL. The lParam1 parameter is a long pointer to an array containing pointers to each of the 16 internal WinHelp functions. The DLL.H file defines symbolic names for indexing each function in the array.
\par In processing the DW_CALLBACKS message, the \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  function calls a function named \b GetCallBacks\plain\f1\fs16  to specify which functions it wants to access. \b GetCallBacks\plain\f1\fs16  is defined as follows in the example:
\par \pard\keep\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 PUBLIC     BOOL PASCAL EXPORT GetCallBacks(\line
VPTR     VPtr,\line
LONG     lVersion)\line
\{\-\line
\line
     // hfs level:\line
     lpfn_HfsOpenSz       = VPtr[HE_HfsOpenSz];\line
     lpfn_RcCloseHfs      = VPtr[HE_RcCloseHfs];\line
     lpfn_RcLLInfoFromHfs = VPtr[HE_RcLLInfoFromHfs];\line
\line
     // bag level routines\line
     lpfn_FAccessHfs =  VPtr[HE_FAccessHfs];\line
     lpfn_HfOpenHfs  =  VPtr[HE_HfOpenHfs];\line
     lpfn_LcbReadHf  =  (LPFN_LCBREADHF) VPtr[HE_LcbReadHf];\line
     lpfn_RcCloseHf  =  VPtr[HE_RcCloseHf];\line
     return TRUE;\line
\'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The VPtr parameter in \b GetCallBacks\plain\f1\fs16  is the lParam1 pointer passed by the DW_CALLBACKS message from WinHelp. The \b GetCallBacks\plain\f1\fs16  function gets pointers to the following WinHelp internal functions, which it uses later in the example.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\brdrb\brdrs\tx1795 \b Function\tab What it does
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\tx1795 \plain\f1\fs16 HfsOpenSz\tab Opens the .HLP file system (the compound file containing the files internal to the Help file).
\par RcCloseHfs\tab Closes the open .HLP file system.
\par RcLLInfoFromHfs\tab Maps a handle to the open .HLP file system (returned by HfsOpenSz) to low-level file information.
\par FAccessHfs\tab Determines whether a file within the .HLP file system is accessible.
\par HfOpenHfs\tab Opens a file within the .HLP file system.
\par LcbReadHf\tab Reads bytes from a file within the .HLP file system.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \plain\f1\fs16 This sample code does not take multiple instances of WinHelp into account. If more than one instance is started, the DLL receives different pointers to these callback functions\plain\f0\fs16 \'97\f1 one pointer for each instance. You must keep track of which pointer is associated with each WinHelp instance. One way to do this is to create an array associating the task with the callback pointer.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00e0}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Writing DLLs for embedded windows}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DLL_WRITE_EMBEDDED_WINDOWS}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DLL_WRITE_EMBEDDED_WINDOWS;embed_dll;HELPDLL}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DLLs;DLLs, writing for embedded windows;windows,;windows, embedded, writing DLLs for}
\b\fs24 Writing DLLs for Embedded Windows
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 In WinHelp version 4.0 you can create embedded windows to extend the functionality of WinHelp by placing objects in a fixed-size window under the control of a DLL. For example, you can create a DLL to display animation sequences or to play audio segments in an embedded window. However, in version 4.0 you cannot create an embedded window that functions as a hotspot. This section explains how to write custom DLLs for WinHelp.
\par To create an embedded window, authors insert an embedded window reference, \b \{\-ew\plain\f1\fs16 x\b \'7d\plain\f1\fs16 , in the RTF source file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 WinHelp displays embedded windows within topic windows. To WinHelp, an embedded window is simply a child window of that topic window. Users cannot minimize, maximize, or resize an embedded window. Embedded windows cannot be used as hotspots. However, you can include hotspots in an embedded window if they are controlled by the DLL, but users will not be able to use the keyboard equivalents to access the hotspots. That is because embedded windows cannot receive the input focus, which means they cannot process keystrokes. So, you should not place anything in an embedded window that requires keyboard input from users.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 WinHelp positions the embedded window using the justification character (left, right, or character) specified by the author in the embedded window reference. The embedded window DLL is expected to display the information in the window and resize the window appropriately. Help expects the window size to remain fixed as long as the topic is displayed. The window element and DLL determine the size and content of the embedded window, and Help arranges the other elements of the topic around the embedded window. 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 WinHelp displays embedded windows only when necessary \plain\f0\fs16 \'97\f1  while the topic containing the embedded window is being displayed. However, an embedded window may exist while it is not being displayed (if the user scrolls the topic past the embedded window, for example). Because it is part of a specific topic, an embedded window goes away when the user displays a different topic.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW;ewx')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW;ewx')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00e1}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Initialization of embedded windows}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .5_VJN}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} embed_dll}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DLLs;DLLs, initializing embedded windows;windows,;windows, initializing DLLs for}
\b\fs24 Initialization of Embedded Windows
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp creates embedded windows with window style WS_CHILD and a default size. It initializes the DLL for an embedded window before it displays the window.
\par When WinHelp creates the embedded window, it passes two strings in the WM_CREATE message. The lparam parameter points to a CREATESTRUCT structure, and the lpCreateParams field of the CREATESTRUCT structure points to a second structure defined as follows:
\par \pard\keep\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 typedef  struct\tab tagCreateInfo\line
\tab \tab \{\-\line
\tab \tab short\tab \tab \tab idMajVersion;\line
 \tab \tab short\tab \tab \tab idMinVersion;\line
 \tab \tab LPSTR\tab \tab \tab lpstrFileName;\line
\tab \tab LPSTR\tab \tab \tab lpstrAuthorData;\line
\tab \tab HANDLE\tab \tab \tab hfs;\line
\tab \tab DWORD\tab \tab \tab coForeground;\line
\tab \tab DWORD\tab \tab \tab coBackground;\line
\tab \tab \'7d    CREATEINFO;
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 The fields in the structure are defined in the following table.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2705\ri125\fi-2575\brdrb\brdrs\tx2695 \b Field\f6 \tab \f1 Use\f6 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2705\ri125\fi-2575\tx2695 \plain\f1\fs16 idMajVersion, idMinVersion\tab Identifies the version of WinHelp (and the version of the CREATESTRUCT structure used for embedded windows in that version of WinHelp). Currently, these fields are 0. If the idMinVersion field is a value other than 0, additional interfaces may be available to DLLs, but all the interfaces described in this chapter are still supported.
\par \tab The DLL should always verify that the value in the idMajVersion and idMinVersion fields of the CREATESTRUCT structure are 0. If they are not, the DLL might not work with that version of WinHelp.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2705\ri125\fi-2575\tx2695 lpstrFileName\tab Points to the fully qualified name of the .HLP file containing the embedded window. This field will be NULL if the data is not available. If the DLL uses the string contained in this field, it should make a copy of the string.
\par lpstrAuthorData\tab Points to the author-data parameter in the \b \{\-ewl\'7d\plain\f1\fs16 , \b \{\-ewc\'7d\plain\f1\fs16 , or \b \{\-ewr\'7d\plain\f1\fs16  reference from the source RTF file. This field will be NULL if the data is not available. If the DLL uses the string contained in this field, it should make a copy of the string.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2705\ri125\fi-2575\tx2695 hfs\tab Specifies a handle to the file system for the .HLP file. 
\par coForeground,coBackground\tab Specify the foreground and background colors of the \ul main Help window.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v O8.Q2} If the embedded window uses the same colors as the main Help window, the DLL can use the color values in these fields to set those colors in the embedded window.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00e2}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Embedded window behavior}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DLL_WRITE_EMBEDDED_WINDOW_BEHAVIOR}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DLL_WRITE_EMBEDDED_WINDOW_BEHAVIOR;embed_dll;HELPDLL}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DLLs;DLLs, embedded window behavior;windows,;windows, embedded, behavior described}
\b\fs24 Embedded Window Behavior
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 While a topic is being displayed, WinHelp creates embedded windows when it needs to lay them out and destroys them when they are no longer needed. The window can be created and destroyed, then created again if necessary, while WinHelp tries to lay out the embedded window object. If you load information, you might want to do so during WM_SHOWWINDOW processing so that you don't have to load this information twice.
\par An embedded window may exist while it is not being displayed (for example, if the topic requires scrolling and the embedded window resides in the portion not currently displayed in the Help window). Do not set the window style to WS_VISIBLE or call the \b ShowWindow\plain\f1\fs16  function during WM_CREATE processing. WinHelp displays the window when necessary.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 As an embedded window DLL processes a WM_CREATE message, it is expected to set up any window styles the window uses and resize the window appropriately.
\par WinHelp positions the window using the justification character (left, right, or character) authored into the RTF file. WinHelp expects the window size to remain fixed during the window's lifetime.
\par Because it is a child window of the \ul main Help window.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v O8.Q2} an embedded window does not need to destroy itself; it will be destroyed when the parent window is destroyed.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00e3}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Message processing for embedded windows}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DLL_WRITE_MSG_EMBEDDED_WINDOWS}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DLL_WRITE_MSG_EMBEDDED_WINDOWS;embed_dll;HELPDLL}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DLLs;DLLs, embedded window message processing;Windows messages, DLL processing}
\b\fs24 Message Processing for Embedded Windows
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Embedded windows receive most standard Windows messages, including mouse and WM_PAINT messages. Embedded windows should not take the input focus; therefore, they do not need to process keystrokes.
\par Embedded window DLLs must also process the following messages, which are specifically defined for use with embedded windows:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab \uldb EWM_RENDER (0x706A)\plain\f1\ul\fs16 {\v *EWM_RENDER}\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab \uldb EWM_QUERYSIZE (0x706B)\plain\f1\ul\fs16 {\v *EWM_QUERYSIZE}\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \{bmc bm1.bmp\}\tab \uldb EWM_ASKPALETTE (0x706C)\plain\f1\ul\fs16 {\v *EWM_ASKPALETTE}\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`DLL_WRITE_OVERVIEW')}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} EWM_RENDER message}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} EWM_RENDER}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} EWM_RENDER message;messages;messages, EWM_RENDER}
\b\fs24 EWM_RENDER
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp sends the EWM_RENDER message to an embedded window to get information about the image in the window. It uses this information when printing the image or placing it in the Clipboard. The wParam parameter to EWM_RENDER indicates the type of information returned by the message, and the LOWORD of the return value contains a handle to this information. Possible wParam values and return values are shown in the following table.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1595\ri125\fi-1445\brdrb\brdrs\tx1595 \b wParam\tab Return Value
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1595\ri125\fi-1445\tx1595 \plain\f1\fs16 CF_TEXT\tab Sharable global handle to a null-terminated ASCII string. WinHelp frees this handle.
\par CF_BITMAP\tab Handle to a bitmap. WinHelp removes this handle.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} EWM_QUERYSIZE message}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} EWM_QUERYSIZE}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} EWM_QUERYSIZE message;messages;messages, EWM_QUERYSIZE}
\b EWM_QUERYSIZE
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp sends the EWM_QUERYSIZE message to an embedded window to obtain the size of the window. The wParam parameter is a handle to the device context for the window. The lParam parameter points to a POINT structure. The embedded window DLL should fill in the \b x\plain\f1\fs16  field of the structure with the window's height and the \b y\plain\f1\fs16  field of the structure with the window's width. WinHelp uses this information when laying out the topic in the topic window, when printing the topic, or when placing it in the Clipboard.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} EWM_ASKPALLETE message}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} EWM_ASKPALETTE}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} EWM_ASKPALETTE message;messages;messages, EWM_ASKPALETTE}
\b EWM_ASKPALETTE
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp sends the EWM_ASKPALETTE message to all embedded windows displayed within a topic to get information about the palettes used in each window. The wParam and lParam parameters are not used.
\par When an embedded window receives an EWM_ASKPALETTE message, it should return a handle to the palette that it uses. WinHelp then selects the most appropriate palette for use in that topic. Usually, this palette is the one used for the first embedded window in the currently displayed part of the topic.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Before the DLL repaints an embedded window, it should send an EWM_ASKPALETTE message to the parent window to determine which palette to use. The following code fragment illustrates how to do this:
\par hpal = (HPALETTE)SendMessage(GetParent(hwnd), EWM_ASKPALETTE, 0, 0L)
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0166}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Help RTF tokens}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} RTFHelpRTFStatements}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} RTF_overview;RTFHelpRTFStatements}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help RTF tokens;rich-text format;RTF files;RTF files, about RTF tokens;RTF tokens;tokens, RTF}
\b\fs24 Help RTF tokens
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help RTF tokens are an extended subset of tokens defined by the Microsoft Rich Text Format (RTF) standard. The RTF tokens specify character and paragraph properties, such as font, color, spacing, and alignment, for text and graphics in the Help file. The following topics describe the subset of RTF tokens recognized by Help Workshop. Use this information if you plan to edit RTF files directly or create an RTF reader/writer that converts files to RTF format.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("RTF1")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("RTF1")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0167}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Rich-text format}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1I0I9F}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} RTF1}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files,;files, RTF;rich-text format;RTF files;RTF files, about rich-text format;RTF reader;topic files;topic files, about rich-text format}
\b\fs24 Rich-Text Format
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The rich-text format (RTF) standard is a method of encoding formatted text and graphics for easy transfer between different programs and different operations. Generally, it is used by all Microsoft Word programs \plain\f0\fs16 \'97\f1  Word for Windows, Word for the Macintosh, and Word for MS-DOS \plain\f0\fs16 \'97\f1  for moving word-processing documents between different platforms without having to rely on special translation software or conversion utilities. Because the RTF standard provides a format for text and graphics interchange that can be used with different output devices and operating systems, Help Workshop also supports this standard. That means you can use almost any text editor that generates RTF output, including your own custom RTF editor, to create the source files that are built into Help files.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Software that takes a formatted file and turns it into an RTF file is referred to as an RTF "writer." Software that translates an RTF file into a formatted file is referred to as an RTF "reader." An RTF writer separates the program's control information from the actual text and writes a new file containing the text and RTF groups associated with that text. An RTF reader does the converse of this operation.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0168}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Elements of RTF}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .GABF8}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} RTF1}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files,;files, about RTF files;files, RTF;Help RTF tokens;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, elements of RTF;rich-text format;RTF files;RTF files, about RTF files;RTF tokens;tokens, RTF;topic files;topic files, elements of}
\b\fs24 Elements of RTF
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help RTF tokens are presented to Help Workshop in topic files, which are specified in the\b  \plain\f1\fs16 [FILES] section of a Help project (.HPJ) file. To Help Workshop a topic file consists of the following elements:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 RTF tokens
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 Control symbols
\par \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 Groups
\par \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 Unformatted text
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 RTF tokens, control symbols, and braces constitute control information. Text grouping is used to define the format and placement of text and graphics in the Help file. All other characters in RTF text constitute plain text.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("element1;FILES")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("element1;FILES")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0169}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} RTF token syntax}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 42X9YCM}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} element1;RTF1}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} characters;characters, in RTF tokens;Help RTF tokens;RTF files;RTF files, about RTF tokens;RTF tokens;syntax of RTF tokens;tokens, RTF}
\b\fs24 RTF token Syntax
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 An RTFtoken is a formatted tag that specifies a particular kind of information in the RTF file. An RTF token consists of a backslash (\'5c) followed by an RTF token name and a delimiter:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \'5cstatement-name<delimiter>
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Statments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 RTF tokens always begin with a backslash (\b \'5c\plain\f1\fs16 ). The statement-name identifies the RTF token and specifies what it does. No spaces or other characters may separate the backslash and the statement-name.
\par An RTF token may optionally have a number parameter immediately after the name. This number must be in the range of a signed integer (-32767 through 32767). No spaces or other characters may separate the name and the numeric parameter (if any).
\par Certain statements control properties (such as bold and italic) that have only two states. When the RTF token has no parameter or has a non-zero parameter, the statement is used to turn the property on. When the RTF token has a 0 (zero) parameter, the statement is used to turn the property off. For example, \b \'5cb\plain\f1\fs16  turns on bold, whereas \b \'5cb0\plain\f1\fs16  turns off bold.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Delimiters
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Delimiters are mandatory characters that separate the statement text of a parameter from subsequent text. A delimiter can be one of the following:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 A space. The space is considered part of the statement.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab A digit or a minus sign (-), which indicates that a numeric parameter follows. If a numeric parameter immediately follows the statement name, this parameter becomes part of the statement.
\par \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 Any character other than a letter or digit. The delimiting character terminates the statement but is not considered part of the statement. A "letter" is an upper- or lowercase ASCII letter.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 When a space is used as a delimiter, Help Workshop discards it. If any other character is used, Help Workshop processes it as text or as the start of another RTF token. For example, if a backslash is used as a delimiter, Help Workshop interprets it as the beginning of the next RTF token.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 For example, the following line demonstrates usage of the \b \'5ctab \plain\f1\fs16 statement and a space delimiter:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab text in paragraph\'5ctab more text
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:016a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Control symbols}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 0Z.S6A}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} element1}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} backslash character;characters;characters, in control symbols;control symbols;RTF files;RTF files, about control symbols;symbols, control}
\b\fs24 Control Symbols
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 A control symbol consists of a backslash (\'5c) followed by a single non-letter. Control symbols require no further delimiting. The following control symbols are supported:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\brdrb\brdrs\tx1795 \b Control Symbol\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\tx1795 \plain\f1\fs16 \'5c|\tab Formula character
\par \'5c~\tab Nonbreaking space
\par \'5c-\tab Optional hyphen
\par \'5c_\tab Nonbreaking hyphen
\par \'5c:\tab Subentry in an index entry
\par \'5c'hh\tab Hexadecimal value of a character in the current character set, where h is a hexadecimal digit in the range 0 through F.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:016b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Groups (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2SVTHYP}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} element1}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} braces characters;characters;characters, in groups;groups;groups, about groups;RTF files;RTF files, about groups}
\b\fs24 Groups
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 A group consists of Help RTF tokens and text enclosed in braces (\b \{\- \'7d\plain\f1\fs16 ). The opening brace \b \{\-\plain\f1\fs16  indicates the start of the group, and the closing brace \b \'7d\plain\f1\fs16  indicates the end of the group, as shown in this example:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \{\-       group start, and\line
\'7d       group end.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Different groups perform different functions in the RTF file. Some groups specify information such as the fonts, styles, colors, summary information, and document-format attributes used in the file. Other groups simply include text and the RTF tokens that define attributes for that text. Still other groups specify picture data, footnotes, bookmarks, annotations, and section- and paragraph-formatting attributes for the file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Formatting specified within a group affects only the text within that group. Text within a group inherits any formatting of the text preceding the group.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Destinations
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 Some statements, referred to as destinations, mark the beginning of a collection of related text. A destination is marked by a control word that signals the beginning of the group. An example of a destination is the group where the Help-specific text follows the statement. Destination statements and their following text must be enclosed in braces, as in this example:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \{\-\'5cfootnote main_contents\'7d
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:016c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Unformatted text (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3O1..6U}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} backslash character;brace characters;characters;characters, in unformatted text;rich-text format;RTF files;RTF files, about unformatted text;text,;text, unformatted;unformatted text}
\b\fs24  {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} element1}
Unformatted Text
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Unformatted text consists of any combination of 7-bit ASCII characters. Although characters whose values are greater than 127 are not permitted in topic files, the \b \'5c'\plain\f1\fs16  statement can be used to insert them in the final Help file. Help Workshop treats spaces as part of the text, but it discards carriage return and linefeed characters.
\par Because the backslash character (\'5c) and braces (\{\- \'7d) have specific meanings in RTF, they must be preceded with a backslash if you want to use them as plain text, as shown by the control symbols \b \'5c\'5c\plain\f1\fs16 , \b \'5c\{\-\plain\f1\fs16 , and \b \'5c\'7d\plain\f1\fs16 .
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:016d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} RTF semantics}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1TKNZYJ}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} rich-text format;RTF reader;RTF semantics}
\b\fs24  {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} RTF1}
RTF Semantics
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 When reading a stream of RTF text, an RTF reader must accomplish the following tasks:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 1\tab Separate RTF control information from plain text.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Act on control information.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 This is designed to be a relatively simple process, as described in the next section.
\par Some control information just contributes special characters to the plain text stream. Other information changes the program state, which includes document properties as a whole and a stack of group states that apply to parts of the document. The group state is saved by the opening \b \{\-\plain\f1\fs16  brace and is restored by the closing \b \'7d\plain\f1\fs16  brace.
\par The current group state specifies:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li455\ri125\fi-155\tx455 \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 The destination or part of the document that the plain text is building up.
\par \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 The section formatting properties.
\par \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 The paragraph formatting properties.
\par \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 The character formatting properties.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 3\tab Collect and properly dispose of any remaining plain text as directed by the current group state.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("semantics")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("semantics")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:016e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Acting on control information (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 13IMJK5}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} semantics}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} characters;characters, actions taken by RTF reader;control information, acting on;RTF reader}
\b\fs24 Acting on Control Information
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 When parsing the RTF stream, the RTF reader follows this process:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 1\tab Reads the next character.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab If the character is an opening brace ( char == '\{\-' ), stores the current state on the stack. 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 Or if the current state does not change, it then continues.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 3\tab If the character is a closing brace ( char == '\'7d' ), retrieves the current state from the stack.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 Generally, this will change the state.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 4\tab If the character is a backslash ( char == '\'5c' ), collects the RTF token or control symbol and its parameter.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li455\ri125\fi-155\tx455 a.\tab Looks up the statement or symbol in the symbol table (a constant table) and acts according to the description found there. The parameter is left available for use by the action.
\par b.\tab Leaves a read pointer before or after the delimiter, as appropriate.
\par c.\tab After completing the action, continues.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 5\tab If the character is anything other than \b \{\-\plain\f1\fs16 , \b \'7d\plain\f1\fs16 , or \b \'5c\plain\f1\fs16 , writes the plain text character to the current destination using the current formatting properties.
\par 6\tab Reads the next character.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:016f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Acting on symbol table entries (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CTG.X3}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} semantics}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} RTF reader;symbol table entries}
\b\fs24 Acting on Symbol Table Entries
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 When looking up RTF tokens and symbols in the symbol table, the RTF reader can take any of the following actions:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 Change the destination to the destination described in the table entry.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 Most destination changes are legal only immediately after an opening brace. Other restrictions may also apply (for example, footnotes may not be nested).
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 Change formatting property.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 The symbol table entry will describe the property and whether the parameter is required.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 Insert a special character.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 The symbol table entry will describe the character code.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 End of paragraph.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 This can also be viewed as just a special character.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 End of section.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 This can also be viewed as just a special character.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 Ignore the character.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0170}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} The RTF file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4H1Q9D}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} RTF1}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files,;files, about RTF files;files, RTF;RTF files;RTF files, about RTF files}
\b\fs24 The RTF File
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 This section describes the different groups that make up an RTF file. It first presents a sample RTF file, which is used in examples throughout the section. It then describes the required and optional components of an RTF file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("groups1")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("groups1")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0171}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Sample RTF file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} VI9DEQ}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} groups1}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files,;files, RTF;RTF files;RTF files, sample file;sample RTF file}
\b\fs24 Sample RTF File
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following is an example of a simple but complete, single-topic RTF file that can be compiled by Help Workshop:
\par \pard\keep\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \{\-\'5crtf1\'5cansi \'5cdeff0\'5cdeflang1024\b \line
\line
\plain\f1\fs16 \{\-\'5cfonttbl\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \{\-\'5cf0\'5cfroman Times New Roman;\'7d\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \{\-\'5cf1\'5cfroman Symbol;\'7d\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \{\-\'5cf2\'5cfswiss Arial;\'7d\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \{\-\'5cf3\'5cfroman MS Serif;\'7d\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \{\-\'5cf4\'5cfswiss MS Sans Serif;\'7d\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'7d\line
\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \{\-\'5ccolortbl;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred0\'5cgreen0\'5cblue0;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred0\'5cgreen0\'5cblue255;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred0\'5cgreen255\'5cblue0;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred255\'5cgreen0\'5cblue0;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred255\'5cgreen255\'5cblue255;\b \line
\line
\plain\f1\fs16 #\{\-\'5cfootnote graphics_cont\'7d\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 $\{\-\'5cfootnote Graphics\'7d\line
\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cpard\'5cplain \'5cli120\'5csb340\'5csa120\'5csl-320 \'5cf3\'5cfs28 Graphics\b \line
\line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cpar \'5cpard\'5cplain \'5cli120 \'5cf4\'5cfs20 Use graphic images to illustrate concepts and present \b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 information visually. Graphics include line art, icons, screen shots of the interface, \line
and graphics with hotspots ("hypergraphics").\line
\'5cpar\line
\'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 As noted earlier, the entire RTF file is one group, so the file begins and ends with braces (\b \{\-\'7d\plain\f1\fs16 ). Other groups nested within the group containing the file define the header and text information.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0172}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Required entries (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} UTJD_M}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} groups1}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files,;files, RTF;required entries in RTF files;RTF files;RTF files, required entries}
\b\fs24 Required Entries
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following entries must appear in the order shown immediately after the opening brace of the RTF file:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 The RTF token \b \'5crtf\plain\f1\fs16 n. This RTF token identifies the version (given by the number n) of the RTF standard used in the file. For Help Workshop, this RTF token must be \b \'5crtf1\plain\f1\fs16 .
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \f1\fs16 An RTF token identifying the character set used in the file. The RTF character set described in this appendix corresponds to the \b \'5cansi\plain\f1\fs16  character set statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 System default values, such as font number (\'5c\b deff\plain\f1\fs16 n statement), follow the character set statement. The \b \'5cdeff\plain\f1\fs16 n statement specifies which font defined in the font table (see the next section) is the default font for the file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The required entries appear as follows in the sample RTF file:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125\tx295 \{\-\'5crtf1\'5cansi\'5cdeff0
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0173}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Font table (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KOO4SQ}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} groups1}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} font tables;groups;groups, font table;RTF files;RTF files, font table}
\b\fs24 Font Table
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The first group listed after the opening statements is the font table group. All the fonts that the RTF file uses must be declared in the font table. These fonts should correspond to the fonts that are present on the user's computer.
\par The font table group has the following form:
\par \pard\keep\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \b \{\-\'5cfonttbl\line
\{\-\'5cf\plain\f1\fs16 font-number\b \'5cf\plain\f1\fs16 font-family\b  \plain\f1\fs16 font-name\b ;\'7d\line
\{\-\'5cf\plain\f1\fs16 font-number\b \'5cf\plain\f1\fs16 font-family\b  \plain\f1\fs16 font-name\b ;\'7d\line
\plain\f1\fs16 .\line
.\line
.\line
\b \'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The actual font table is the group beginning with the RTF token \b \'5cfonttbl\plain\f1\fs16 . Each font is defined as a separate group within the font-table group. Each font definition has three components: the font-number, the font-family, and the font-name.
\par The font-number is an integer that identifies the font.
\par The font-family is one of the following standard font families defined by the Windows operating system:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3325\ri125\fi-3195\brdrb\brdrs\tx1525\tx3325 \b Control Word\tab Font Family\tab Examples
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3325\ri125\fi-3195\tx1525\tx3325 fnil\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Default or unknown\tab 
\par \b froman\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Roman\tab MS Serif and Palatino
\par \b fswiss\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Swiss\tab Helvetica, MS Sans Serif
\par \b fmodern\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Modern\tab Courier, Elite, Pica
\par \b fscript\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Script\tab Cursive, Script, Zapf Chancery
\par \b fdecor\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Decorative\tab Old English, Zapf Dingbats
\par \b ftech\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Technical\tab Symbol
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1525\tx3325 Each font definition must end with a semicolon (;) immediately before the closing brace.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1525\tx3325 If the RTF file uses a default font, the RTF token \b \'5cdeff\plain\f1\fs16 font-number appears before the font-table group. The font-number is an integer indicating which font in the table is used for the default.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1525\tx3325 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1525\tx3325 \plain\f1\fs16 The following group defines nine fonts:
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \{\-\'5cfonttbl\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \{\-\'5cf0\'5cfroman Times New Roman;\'7d\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \{\-\'5cf1\'5cfroman Symbol;\'7d\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \{\-\'5cf2\'5cfswiss Arial;\'7d\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \{\-\'5cf3\'5cfroman MS Serif;\'7d\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \{\-\'5cf4\'5cfswiss MS Sans Serif;\'7d\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \{\-\'5cf5\'5cfmodern Courier;\'7d\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \{\-\'5cf6\'5cfdecor Zapf Dingbats;\'7d\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \{\-\'5cf7\'5cfswiss Helvetica Condensed;\'7d\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \{\-\'5cf8\'5cfswiss Helvetica;\'7d\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 This example defines the following fonts:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\brdrb\brdrs\tx985\tx2335 \b Font #\tab Font Family\tab Font
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx985\tx2335 0\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Roman\tab Times New Roman
\par \b 1\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Technical\tab Symbol
\par \b 2\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Swiss\tab Arial
\par \b 3\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Roman\tab MS Serif
\par \b 4\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Swiss\tab MS Sans Serif
\par \b 5\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Modern\tab Courier
\par \b 6\tab \plain\f1\fs16 Decorative\tab Zapf Dingbats
\par \b 7\tab \plain\f1\fs16 Swiss\tab Helvetica Condensed
\par \b 8\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Swiss\tab Helvetica
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0174}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Color table (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2MDTY6C}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} groups1}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} color tables;groups;groups, color-table;RTF files;RTF files, color table}
\b\fs24 Color Table
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If the Help file uses color, the RTF file must also define a color table group to specify the individual colors. The color table group has the following form:
\par \pard\keep\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \{\-\'5ccolortbl;\line
\'5crednumber\'5cgreennumber\'5cbluenumber;\line
\'5crednumber\'5cgreennumber\'5cbluenumber;\line
.\line
.\line
.\line
\'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Each definition specifies a value in the range 0 through 255 for the red, green, and blue components of the color. Unlike font entries in the font table, color entries in the color table do not specify a color number. Instead, Help Workshop assumes that the first color defined is color zero, the second color is color one, and so on.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example defines the standard 16 colors in the Windows palette:
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \{\-\'5ccolortbl;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred0\'5cgreen0\'5cblue0;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred0\'5cgreen0\'5cblue255;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred0\'5cgreen255\'5cblue255;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred0\'5cgreen255\'5cblue0;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred255\'5cgreen0\'5cblue255;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred255\'5cgreen0\'5cblue0;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred255\'5cgreen255\'5cblue0;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred255\'5cgreen255\'5cblue255;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred0\'5cgreen0\'5cblue127;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred0\'5cgreen127\'5cblue127;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred0\'5cgreen127\'5cblue0;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred127\'5cgreen0\'5cblue127;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred127\'5cgreen0\'5cblue0;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred127\'5cgreen127\'5cblue0;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred127\'5cgreen127\'5cblue127;\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cred192\'5cgreen192\'5cblue192;\line
\'7d
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0175}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Style sheet (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 23LQBV4}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} groups1}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} groups;groups, style-sheet;RTF files;RTF files, style sheet;style sheets}
\b\fs24 Style Sheet
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 In the standard RTF specification, the style sheet group defines the different styles defined for a document. In Word for Windows, a style is a named combination of formats (including those for characters, paragraphs, tabs, borders, and frames) that authors can apply to text using a defined sequence of keystrokes. Authors can add styles to a document template.
\par Help Workshop ignores the style sheet group in an RTF file. If you plan to use the RTF file only to create a Help file, you can omit the style sheet group from the file to save space. However, if you also plan to print documents from the RTF file, you can include a style sheet group to define styles for the document. Then, when you open the RTF file in Word for Windows, you can apply the styles that you have defined to text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A style sheet group has the following format:
\par \pard\keep\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \b \{\-\'5cstylesheet\line
\{\-\'5cs\plain\f1\fs16 style-num\b \'5c\plain\f1\fs16 style-specs style-name\b ;\'7d\line
\{\-\'5cs\plain\f1\fs16 style-num\b \'5c\plain\f1\fs16 style-specs style-name\b ;\'7d\line
\plain\f1\fs16 .\line
.\line
.\line
\b \'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Each style definition appears in a group within the style sheet group. The style definition is identified by a unique style number.
\par The exact style specifications follow the style number. The style specifications can include RTF tokens for any type of character, text, tab, border, or frame formatting.
\par The last part of the style definition is the style name. This is the name that appears in the Word for Windows drop-down list boxes that list the document's styles. A single space must separate the style specifications from the style name.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Each style definition must end with a semicolon (\b ;\plain\f1\fs16 ) immediately before the closing brace.
\par In Word for Windows, styles may be based on previously defined styles. In this case, the style inherits the attributes of the previously defined style. A style may also define a style to be applied to the next paragraph in the document. The following RTF tokens may appear in the style sheet to activate these features:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2345\ri125\fi-2215\brdrb\brdrs\tx2335 \b Control Word\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2345\ri125\fi-2215\tx2335 \'5csbasedon\plain\f1\fs16 style-num\tab The style defined in this group inherits the attributes of the style with the given style number. If this style does not inherit attributes from any style, style-num is 0.
\par \b \'5csnext\plain\f1\fs16 style-num\tab The style with the given style number is applied to the next paragraph in the document. If no style is to be applied to the next paragraph in the document, style-num is 0.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2335 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2335 \plain\f1\fs16 Here is a portion of a sample style sheet:
\par \pard\keep\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \{\-\'5cstylesheet\line
\{\-\'5cs229\'5cli2160\'5cri720\'5ctldot\'5ctx8280\'5ctqr\'5ctx8640 \'5cf5\'5cfs20\'5clang1033 \'5csbasedon0\'5csnext0 toc 4;\'7d\line
.\line
.\line
.\line
\{\-\'5cs17\'5cqc\'5csb240\'5csl240\'5ckeepn \'5cb\'5cf5\'5cfs28\'5clang1033 \'5csbasedon0\'5csnext17 head;\'7d\line
\{\-\'5cs18\'5cqj\'5csb240\'5csl240 \'5cb\'5cf5\'5cfs20\'5clang1033 \'5csbasedon0\'5csnext18 Company;\'7d\line
\{\-\'5cs19\'5cqj\'5csb120\'5csl240\'5ckeepn \'5ci\'5cf5\'5cfs20\'5clang1033 \'5csbasedon0\'5csnext19 Product;\'7d\line
\'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 This portion of the style sheet defines four styles numbered 229 (named "toc 4"), 17 (named "head"), 18 (named "Company"), and 19 (named "Product"). Style sheets 17 through 19 assume that the same style will be applied to the next paragraph as well as the paragraph to which the style is currently assigned. None of these styles inherits the attributes of a previously defined style.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0176}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Topic information (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3R07H45}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} groups1;TopicInfo}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} groups;groups, footnote;RTF files;RTF files, topic information;topic files;topic files, about topic information in RTF files;topic information in RTF files;topics,;topics, about topic information in RTF files}
\b\fs24 Topic Information
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 After setting up the required RTF entries for the Help file, you define the topic information. Topics consist of plain text and graphics that the user sees, Help Workshop-specific information that is defined in topic footnotes, character and paragraph formatting information, and page break delimiters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Font and Formatting Information
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Before any text is placed in the RTF file, the font name and font size must be specified. The \b \'5cf\plain\f1\fs16 n statement specifies the font name (n matches the font number defined in the font table). The \b \'5cfs\plain\f1\fs16 n statement specifies the font size (n is given in half-points). For example, using the sample font table just described, the following example defines the text as 10-point MS Sans Serif: 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5cf4\'5cfs20
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 If you want the text to have any special formatting characteristics, you must also define those before you write out the plain text. Help Workshop supports a number of character and paragraph formatting attributes that you can use to change the appearance and placement of text and graphics.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The following example defines the topic title text as 14-point MS Serif with 17 points of space before, 6 points of space after, and 16 points of leading. The topic title paragraph is also indented 6 points from the left margin:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5cpard\'5cplain \'5cli120\'5csb340\'5csa120\'5csl-320 \'5cf3\'5cfs28
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Help Features in Footnote Groups
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The following types of Help information are specified in \b \'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16  groups:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \uldb \f1\fs16 Topic IDs\plain\f1\fs16 {\v AN2912>tables}
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \uldb \f1\fs16 Topic titles\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 5WM68K>tables}
\par \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \uldb \f1\fs16 Browse sequences\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 142WH9O>tables}
\par \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \uldb \f1\fs16 Keyword index entries\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1AV0ZGN>tables}
\par \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \uldb \f1\fs16 Help macros run on topic entry\plain\f1\fs16 {\v BA77J.>tables}
\par \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \uldb \f1\fs16 Build tags\plain\f1\fs16 {\v J6P1I>tables}
\par \f2 \'b7\f3\fs12 \tab \uldb \f1\fs16 Comments\plain\f1\fs16 {\v BPRKVR>tables}
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab \uldb Window type\plain\f1\fs16 {\v VKJ5IQ>tables}
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Help Features Embedded in Text
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 Some Help features are implemented using common RTF commands or special codes embedded within text. The following types of Help features can be embedded in text:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab \uldb Layout features like nonscrolling regions and nonwrapping text\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1MHELPH>tables}
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab \uldb Hotspots for activating jumps, displaying pop-up windows, and running Help macros\plain\f1\fs16 {\v XRUN4K>tables}
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab \uldb Bitmaps\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2.7R04N>tables}
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab \uldb Embedded panes for custom DLL objects\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 8F428Y>tables}
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Topic End
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 When there is more than one topic in an RTF file, each topic must end with a \b \'5cpage\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Ending the last topic in a file with a \b \'5cpage\plain\f1\fs16  statement is optional.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("RTF_SAMPLE_TOPIC;topic_info",0,"",`tables')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("RTF_SAMPLE_TOPIC;topic_info",0,"",`tables')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0183}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Topic IDs (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} AN2912}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} tables}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} topic_info}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} groups;groups, topic IDs;RTF files;RTF files, topic IDs;topic IDs}
\b\fs24 Topic IDs
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Topics within a Help file are usually identified by a unique topic ID. The following group specifies a topic ID for a topic:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \b #\{\-\'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16  topic ID\b \'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx8995 \plain\f1\fs16 A topic ID is any string of up to 255 characters. You can use any character except \b #\plain\f1\fs16 , \b =\plain\f1\fs16 , \b >\plain\f1\fs16 , \b @\plain\f1\fs16 , \b !\plain\f1\fs16 , or \b %\plain\f1\fs16 . The first character of a topic ID cannot be a numeric character.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx8995 For example, this RTF entry defines the topic ID "main contents":
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab #\{\-\'5cfootnote main contents\'7d
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0184}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Topic titles (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5WM68K}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} tables}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} topic_info}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} groups;groups, topic titles;RTF files;RTF files, topic titles;titles;titles, about title strings}
\b\fs24 Topic Titles
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Typically, a topic will also contain a topic title, which identifies the topic in Help dialog boxes. The following group specifies a topic title:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \b $\{\-\'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16  title-text\b \'7d\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A title string is any string of up to 50 characters. Any printable ASCII character may appear in a topic title, except the following reserved characters: # = + > @ * % ! 
\par Topic titles must not begin with a number. ASCII characters such as braces (\{\- \'7d), brackets ([ ]), and backslashes (\'5c) that are used as special characters in RTF must be prefixed by backslashes.
\par This example defines the title "Saving a Document":
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab $\{\-\'5cfootnote Saving a Document\'7d
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0185}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Browse sequences (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 142WH9O}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} tables}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} topic_info}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} browse sequences;groups;groups, browse sequences;RTF files;RTF files, browse sequences}
\b\fs24 Browse Sequences
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 A topic may belong to a single browse sequence, which is a group of topics the user can view in forward or backward sequence.
\par The following group assigns a topic to a browse sequence and to one or more topic groups:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \b +\{\-\'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16  [sequence-name][\b :\plain\f1\fs16 sequence-number]\b \'7d\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The sequence-name is the name of the browse sequence to which the topic is assigned. It may be omitted if the Help file has only one browse sequence.
\par The sequence-name may be followed by a sequence-number, which indicates where in the sequence the topic appears. In browse sequences, topics appear in order of sequence numbers. If no sequence number appears, topics in the sequence appear in their physical order within the file. If the [FILES] section of the Help project (.HPJ) file lists more than one RTF file, topics from the first RTF file appear first in the browse sequence, then topics from the second RTF file, and so on.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A colon must immediately precede the sequence number, if it appears. If a sequence name also appears, a colon must separate the sequence name and sequence number.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0186}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Keyword entries (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1AV0ZGN}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} tables}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} topic_info}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} A-keywords;groups;groups, keyword entries;keywords;keywords, about keyword groups;K-keywords;RTF files;RTF files, keyword entries}
\b\fs24 Keyword Entries
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 There are three kinds of keyword entries: K-keywords, A-keywords, and multi-index keywords. Each type of entry has its own topic footnote.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b K-keywords
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 K-keywords, denoted by the custom footnote mark 'K,' are used for searches with the Index button. The Index tab in the Help Topics dialog box displays a list of the keywords defined for topics in the Help file. From the Index, the user can jump to any topic in which a keyword has been defined. K-keywords are also used by the KLink macro to provide inter-topic jumps to the topics having the keywords specified as the macro's parameters.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Multi-index keywords
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Multi-index keywords are denoted by any alpha character except 'A' and 'K.' They have identical index capabilities to K-keywords, but are intended for alternate indexes.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b A-keywords
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 A-keywords, denoted by the custom footnote mark 'A,' are used for \b ALink\plain\f1\fs16  macro jumps only. They do not appear in any index.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Examples
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following group assigns one or more \scaps k\plain\f1\fs16 -keywords to a topic:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \b K\{\-\'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16  keyword\b ;\plain\f1\fs16 [keyword\b ;\plain\f1\fs16 ]...\b \'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following group assigns one or more \scaps a\plain\f1\fs16 -keywords to a topic:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \b A\{\-\'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16  keyword\b ;\plain\f1\fs16 [keyword\b ;\plain\f1\fs16 ]...\b \'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following group assigns one or more multi-index keywords to a topic for an index referenced to R-keywords:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \b R\{\-\'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16  keyword\b ;\plain\f1\fs16 [keyword\b ;\plain\f1\fs16 ]...\b \'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Keywords must be separated by semicolons (\b ;\plain\f1\fs16 ).
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0187}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Help macros run on topic entry (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BA77J.}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} tables}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} topic_info}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} groups;groups, macros run on topic entry;macros,;macros, running when a topic is opened;RTF files;RTF files, Help macros run on entry;running macros}
\b\fs24 Help Macros Run on Topic Entry
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help can run commands automatically when the user jumps to a topic (from a hotspot, browse button, or search list).
\par The following group specifies macros to be run on topic entry:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \b !\{\-\'5cfootnote \plain\f1\fs16 macro-string\b \'7d\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The macro-string can be any Help macro documented in this authoring guide or registered in the \b [CONFIG]\plain\f1\fs16  section of the Help project (.HPJ) file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0188}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Build tags (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} J6P1I}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} build tags;groups;groups, build tags;RTF files;RTF files, build tags}
\b\fs24 Build Tags
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Build tags are labels used to exclude certain topics from a build. Topics without build tags are always included in the build. Topics with build tags are included or excluded using a build expression in the Help project (.HPJ) file.
\par The following group assigns one or more build tags to a topic:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \b *\{\-\'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16  tag-name\b ;\plain\f1\fs16 [tag-name\b ;\plain\f1\fs16 ]...\b \'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Multiple build tags must be separated by semicolons (\b ;\plain\f1\fs16 ).
\par Help Workshop supports two very different ways of processing build tags. If you use Help Workshop to specify the build tags in topics to include or exclude, then by default, any topic with a build tag will be excluded from the help file. If, however, you use another editor to add/edit the BUILD option and [BUILDTAGS] section, then all topics are included by default, whether or not they have a build tag.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0189}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Comments (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BPRKVR}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} tables}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} topic_info}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} comments;groups;groups, comments;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, comments ignored by;RTF files;RTF files, comments}
\b\fs24 Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Comments are any text that you want to include with a topic for your own purposes. Comments are ignored by Help Workshop.
\par The following group assigns a comment to a topic:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \b @\{\-\'5cfootnote \plain\f1\fs16 comment-text\b \'7d\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Because comments are ignored, the comment-text can have as many standard characters as you want, including accented characters and spaces.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:018a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Window type (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} VKJ5IQ}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} tables}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} topic_info}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} groups;groups, window type;RTF files;RTF files, window type;window types}
\b\fs24 Window Type
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Window types are used when you want to display the topic in a window other than the default window when it is accessed from the Index.
\par The following group assigns a window type to a topic:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \b >\{\-\'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16  windowname\b \'7d\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:018b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Layout features (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1MHELPH}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} tables}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} topic_info}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} layout features, specifying;RTF files;RTF files, layout features}
\b\fs24 Layout Features
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following standard RTF commands are used to specify layout features in Help files:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1705\ri125\fi-1575\brdrb\brdrs\tx1705 \b Control Word\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1705\ri125\fi-1575\tx1705 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ckeepn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v keepn_rtf>main}\tab Makes affected text and pictures part of the nonscrolling region
\par \uldb \'5ckeep\plain\f1\fs16 {\v keep_rtf>main}\tab Makes affected text and pictures nonwrapping so they are truncated instead of wrapped if the window is resized
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:018c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Hotspots (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} XRUN4K}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} tables}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} topic_info}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} groups;groups, hotspots;hotspots;hotspots, about hotspots;RTF files;RTF files, hotspots}
\b\fs24 Hotspots
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 A hotspot is a region within a topic that performs an action when the user selects the region with the mouse. This action may be jumping to another topic, displaying a topic in a pop-up window, or running a Help macro.
\par The following group is used to create pop-up hotspots in a topic:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \b \{\-\'5cul\plain\f1\fs16  hotspot text\b \'7d\{\-\'5cv \plain\f1\fs16 [\b %|*\plain\f1\fs16 ]topic-ID\b \'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The hotspot text is the topic text that performs the action when the user selects it. This text may be one of the standard \'5c\b \{\-bm\plain\f1\fs16 x\b \'5c\'7d\plain\f1\fs16  RTF commands if the hotspot is a bitmap.
\par The percent sign (%) or asterisk (*) is used if you want to make the hotspot invisible (no green color, no underline) or just underlined (no green color).
\par The topic-ID identifies the topic to be displayed in the pop-up window.
\par The following groups are used to create jump or macro hotspots in a topic:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \b \{\-\'5culdb\plain\f1\fs16  hotspot text\b \'7d\{\-\'5cv \plain\f1\fs16 [\b %|*\plain\f1\fs16 ]hotspot action\b \'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Or, you can use this format:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \b \{\-\'5cstrike\plain\f1\fs16  hotspot text\b \'7d\{\-\'5cv \plain\f1\fs16 [\b %|*\plain\f1\fs16 ]hotspot action\b \'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The hotspot text is the topic text that performs the action when the user selects it. This text may be one of the standard \'5c\b \{\-bm\plain\f1\fs16 x\b \'5c\'7d\plain\f1\fs16  RTF commands if the hotspot is a bitmap.
\par The percent sign (%) or asterisk (*) is used if you want to make the hotspot invisible (no green color, no underline) or just underlined (no green color).
\par The hotspot action may be one of the following:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab A jump destination. This action has the following form:
\par \pard\keep\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 topic-ID[\b @\plain\f1\fs16 HLP-filename][\b >\plain\f1\fs16 window-name]
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 The topic-ID identifies the topic the hotspot jumps to. When present, the second parameter (preceded by an at sign) identifies a different Help file in which the jump destination appears. If the jump destination is to appear in a secondary window, \b >\plain\f1\fs16 window-type identifies the name of window in which the topic is to appear. The window-type must be defined in the [WINDOWS] section of the Help project (.HPJ) file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab A Help macro. This action has the following form:
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 \b !\plain\f1\fs16 macro-string
\par The macro-string identifies the action Help performs when the user selects the hotspot. It can be any standard Help macro or any external DLL function registered in the \b [CONFIG]\plain\f1\fs16  section of the project file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 If the hotspot text is invisible in the title, a percent sign (\b %\plain\f1\fs16 ) immediately precedes the hotspot action.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:018d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Bitmaps (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2.7R04N}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} tables}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} topic_info}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} bitmaps,;bitmaps, adding to topics;graphics;graphics, adding to topics;RTF files;RTF files, bitmaps}
\b\fs24 Bitmaps
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Bitmaps can be inserted into a topic with a command that tells Help the name of the bitmap file and how to position it. This command has the following form:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 \b \'5c\{\-bm\plain\f1\fs16 [\b c |\plain\f1\fs16  \b l |\plain\f1\fs16  \b r\plain\f1\fs16 ] bitmapfile[\b ;\plain\f1\fs16  bitmapfile[\b ;\plain\f1\fs16 ...]]]\b \'5c\'7d\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The \b \'5c\{\-bm\plain\f1\fs16 x\b \'5c\'7d\plain\f1\fs16  commands specify how the bitmap is aligned in the topic, as shown in the following table:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1705\ri125\fi-1575\brdrb\brdrs\tx1705 \b Control Word\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1705\ri125\fi-1575\tx1705 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5c\{\-bmc\'5c\'7d\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4AWD1BN>main}\tab Positions the bitmap using character alignment. The bitmap is handled as if it were another character and it appears at the position in the line indicated by the reference. Text follows the bitmap, positioned at the base of the bitmap.
\par \uldb \'5c\{\-bml\'5c\'7d\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 11233NT>main}\tab Positions the bitmap along the left margin, with text wrapping automatically along the right edge of the image.
\par \uldb \'5c\{\-bmr\'5c\'7d\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 11833NT>main}\tab Positions the bitmap along the right margin, with text wrapping automatically along the left edge of the image.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1705 The bitmap data is stored separately from the topic text, and a single copy of the bitmap is used for all the \'5c\{\-bmc\'5c\'7d, \'5c\{\-bml\'5c\'7d, and \'5c\{\-bmr\'5c\'7d commands displaying that bitmap. 
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:018e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Embedded windows (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8F428Y}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} tables}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} topic_info}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} embedded windows;RTF files;RTF files, embedded windows;windows,;windows, embedded}
\b\fs24 Embedded Windows
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Embedded windows display text, pictures, or other objects in a window embedded within a Help topic. Authors can write their own custom DLLs to render elements in an embedded window.
\par An RTF entry for an embedded window has the following syntax:
\par \b \'5c\{\-ew\plain\f1\fs16 [\b c\plain\f1\fs16 , \b l\plain\f1\fs16 , \b r\plain\f1\fs16 ] DLL-name, window-class, author-data\b \'5c\'7d\plain\f1\fs16 
\par The \b \'5c\{\-ew\plain\f1\fs16 x\b \'5c\'7d\plain\f1\fs16  commands specify how the window is aligned in the topic, as shown in the following table:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1705\ri125\fi-1575\brdrb\brdrs\tx1705 \b Control Word\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1705\ri125\fi-1575\tx1705 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5c\{\-ewc\'5c\'7d\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ewc_rtf>main}\tab Positions the window using character alignment. The window is handled as if it were another character and it appears at the position in the line indicated by the reference. Text follows the window, positioned at the base of the window.
\par \uldb \'5c\{\-ewl\'5c\'7d\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7PA6CJ>main}\tab Positions the window along the left margin, with text wrapping automatically along the right edge of the window.
\par \uldb \'5c\{\-ewr\'5c\'7d\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7VA6CJ>main}\tab Positions the window along the right margin, with text wrapping automatically along the left edge of the window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1705 The DLL-name is the filename of the DLL that renders the object in the window. This name should not have an extension, but it can have a relative path.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1705 The window-class is the window-class name for the embedded pane as defined in the C source file for the DLL. 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1705 The author-data is a programmer-defined string passed to the DLL (in the WM_CREATE message) when Help creates the window.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:018f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Sample topic (RTF)}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} RTF_SAMPLE_TOPIC}
{\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} RTF_SAMPLE_TOPIC}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files,;files, RTF;RTF files;RTF files, sample topic;sample RTF file}
\b\fs24 Sample Topic
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 In the sample RTF file, the following entries make up the single topic the file defines:
\par \pard\keep\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125 #\{\-\'5cfootnote graphics_cont\'7d\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 $\{\-\'5cfootnote Graphics\'7d\line
\b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cpard\'5cplain \'5cli120\'5csb340\'5csa120\'5csl-320 \'5cf3\'5cfs28 Graphics\b \line
\line
\plain\f1\fs16 \'5cpar \'5cpard\'5cplain \'5cli120 \'5cf4\'5cfs20 Use graphic images to illustrate concepts and present \b \line
\plain\f1\fs16 information visually. Graphics include line art, icons, screen shots of the interface, \line
and graphics with hotspots ("hypergraphics").\line
\'5cpar
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("TopicInfo",0,"",`main')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0177}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Overview of Help RTF token support (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BLOAQ.}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} RTF1}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help RTF tokens;RTF files;RTF files, about RTF tokens;RTF tokens;tokens, RTF}
\b\fs24 Overview of Help RTF token Support
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Although Help Workshop supports many RTF tokens, it does not support them all. The following tables present the RTF tokens by group and briefly describe the statements that Help supports in this release of Help Workshop. The following tables are not intended to provide detailed information about the RTF tokens. For complete information, see the "Help RTF token Reference" topic.
\par Statement descriptions follow these conventions.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Convention\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1625\ri125\fi-1495\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 Parentheses\tab Indicates the default value for the statement.
\par Overloaded\tab Indicates that the RTF token has a specific meaning in Help that is different from its print-based usage.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("overview")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("overview")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0178}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Overloaded statements (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CWVB41}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} overview}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help RTF tokens;overloaded statements;RTF files;RTF files, overloaded statements;RTF tokens;tokens, RTF}
\b\fs24 Overloaded Statements
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop interprets some RTF tokens differently from their normal print-based usage. For example, standard RTF specifies that the \b \'5culdb\plain\f1\fs16  statement indicates a double underline, but Help Workshop uses this statement to indicate a hotspot. The following table lists the RTF tokens that are overloaded for Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li4315\ri125\fi-4185\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435\tx4315 \b Statement\tab Print-based usage\tab Help Workshop usage
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li4315\ri125\fi-4185\tx1435\tx4315 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 6M1HH_}\tab Footnote\tab Special topic commands
\par \uldb \'5ckeep\plain\f1\fs16 {\v keep_rtf}\tab Keeps paragraph intact\tab Makes text nonwrapping
\par \uldb \'5ckeepn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v keepn_rtf}\tab Keeps paragraph with next\tab Creates a nonscrolling region at the top of the topic
\par \uldb \'5cpage\plain\f1\fs16 {\v page_rtf}\tab Creates page break\tab Ends the current topic
\par \uldb \'5cstrike\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1NTK807}\tab Creates strikethrough\tab Indicates a hotspot
\par \uldb \'5ctrqc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1249FE.}\tab Centers table row\tab Uses relative column widths
\par \uldb \'5cul\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ul_rtf}\tab Creates continuous underline\tab Indicates a link to a pop-up topic
\par \uldb \'5culdb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12B7468}\tab Creates double underline\tab Indicates a hotspot
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li4315\ri125\fi-4185\tx1435\tx4315 \uldb \'5cv\plain\f1\fs16 {\v v_rtf}\tab Creates hidden text\tab Indicates the topic ID to jump to
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0179}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Character set (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} RTFcharacterset}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} overview}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} character sets;character sets, support for;RTF character sets}
\b\fs24 Character Set
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop 4.0 supports all RTF character sets.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Statement\tab Character set
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cansi\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ansi_rtf}\tab ANSI character set
\par \uldb \'5cwindows\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1YTFWK}\tab Windows (default)
\par \uldb \'5cmac\plain\f1\fs16 {\v mac_rtf}\tab Apple Macintosh
\par \uldb \'5cpc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 301S_6}\tab OEM code page 437
\par \uldb \'5cpca\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 18DE.TA}\tab International English code page 850\b 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:017a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Special characters (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 11TTQNL}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} overview;RTF_special_chars}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} characters;characters, treatment of special characters;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, treatment of special characters;special characters}
\fs24 Special Characters
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If Help Workshop does not recognize a character, it ignores it.
\par For simplicity, ASCII 9 is treated the same as \b \'5ctab\plain\f1\fs16  and ASCII 10 is treated the same as \b \'5cpar\plain\f1\fs16 . ASCII 13 is ignored. The control code \'5c<10> is also ignored, even though it may be used to indicate a soft carriage return.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Statement\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5c'hh\plain\f1\fs16 {\v H9XTYV}\tab Hexadecimal value of specified character
\par \uldb \'5ccell\plain\f1\fs16 {\v cell_rtf}\tab End of table cell
\par \uldb \'5cemdash\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1_S4HV.}\tab Em dash character\uldb 
\par \'5cemspace\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1X9ISO4}\tab Em space character\uldb 
\par \'5cendash\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 99UDT3}\tab En dash character\uldb 
\par \'5censpace\plain\f1\fs16 {\v GLD2DA}\tab En space character\uldb 
\par \'5cldblquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v XC5Y79}\tab Left double quotation mark\uldb 
\par \'5cline\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1YHDZM6}\tab Required line break; same as \scaps\fs17 shift\fs16 +\fs17 enter\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \uldb \'5clquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v D2X9GS}\tab Left quotation mark\uldb 
\par \'5cpage\plain\f1\fs16 {\v page_rtf}\tab End of current topic. OVERLOADED
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \uldb \'5cpar\plain\f1\fs16 {\v DL9__1}\tab End of paragraph
\par \uldb \'5crdblquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12UI60T}\tab Right double quotation mark\uldb 
\par \'5crow\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 25GX_PL}\tab End of table row
\par \uldb \'5crquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v _.DCI4}\tab Right quotation mark\uldb 
\par \'5csect\plain\f1\fs16 {\v C83L2R}\tab End of section and paragraph
\par \uldb \'5ctab\plain\f1\fs16 {\v tab_rtf}\tab Tab character
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:017b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Destinations (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} P313KO}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} overview}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} destinations}
\b\fs24 Destinations
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 A destination change resets all properties to their default values. Changes are legal only at the beginning of a group (statement and text enclosed in braces).
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Statement\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ccolortbl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v IG1A_U}\tab Color table
\par \uldb \'5cfonttbl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v W50JJN}\tab Font table
\par \uldb \'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 6M1HH_}\tab Topic information. OVERLOADED
\par \uldb \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 164LMJK}\tab Picture
\par \uldb \'5crtf\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 206X_PL}\tab Version of RTF standard used\b 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:017c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Paragraph formatting (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} E8OFYN}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} overview}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} formatting;formatting, paragraphs;paragraph formatting}
\fs24 Paragraph Formatting
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following statements specify paragraph formatting properties:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Statement\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbox\plain\f1\fs16 {\v A4R47D}\tab Boxed paragraph
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 23WJX_P}\tab Bottom border
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrbar\plain\f1\fs16 {\v O4.C5_}\tab Outside border
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrdb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v YCWLUQ}\tab Double border
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrdot\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1MNOD1H}\tab Dotted border
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2EQYMK}\tab Left border
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2KQYMK}\tab Right border
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrs\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2LQYMK}\tab Single-thickness border
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrsh\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1_IWLUQ}\tab Shadow border
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrt\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2MQYMK}\tab Top border
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrth\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2N1DKYF}\tab Thick border
\par \uldb \'5cfin\plain\f1\fs16 {\v FI_RTF}\tab First-line indent (0)
\par \uldb \'5cintbl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 11SVOAI}\tab Table paragraph
\par \uldb \'5ckeep\plain\f1\fs16 {\v keep_rtf}\tab Nonwrapping text. OVERLOADED
\par \uldb \'5ckeepn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v keepn_rtf}\tab Nonscrolling region. OVERLOADED
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \uldb \'5clin\plain\f1\fs16 {\v li_rtf}\tab Left indent (0)
\par \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}\tab Default paragraph properties
\par \uldb \'5cqc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v qc_rtf}\tab Centered
\par \uldb \'5cqj\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4A1S_6}\tab Justified
\par \uldb \'5cql\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4C1S_6}\tab Left-aligned (default)
\par \uldb \'5cqr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4I1S_6}\tab Right-aligned
\par \uldb \'5crin\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ri_rtf}\tab Right indent (0)
\par \uldb \'5csan\plain\f1\fs16 {\v sa_rtf}\tab Space after (0)
\par \uldb \'5csbn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 691S_6}\tab Space before (0)
\par \uldb \'5csln\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 6C1S_6}\tab Line spacing or leading
\par \uldb \'5ctbn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 791S_6}\tab Bar tab
\par \uldb \'5ctqc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 473X_PL}\tab Centered tab
\par \uldb \'5ctqr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 47BX_PL}\tab Flush-right tab
\par \uldb \'5ctxn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7O1S_6}\tab Custom tab position\b 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:017d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Character formatting (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _KVDW1}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} overview}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} characters;characters, formatting;formatting;formatting, characters}
\fs24 Character Formatting
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following statements specify character formatting properties:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Statement\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v b_rtf}\tab Bold
\par \uldb \'5cfn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v f_rtf}\tab Font number
\par \uldb \'5cfsn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v FS_RTF}\tab Font size (24 pt.)
\par \uldb \'5ci\plain\f1\fs16 {\v i_rtf}\tab Italic
\par \uldb \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4KLX0ZP}\tab Resets program's default character formatting properties
\par \uldb \'5cscaps\plain\f1\fs16 {\v AIIXHD}\tab Small capitals
\par \uldb \'5cstrike\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1NTK807}\tab Jump or macro hotspot; identical to \'5culdb OVERLOADED
\par \uldb \'5cul\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ul_rtf}\tab Pop-up hotspot OVERLOADED
\par \uldb \'5culdb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12B7468}\tab Jump or macro hotspot; identical to \'5cstrike OVERLOADED
\par \uldb \'5cv\plain\f1\fs16 {\v v_rtf}\tab Topic ID or macro OVERLOADED\b 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:017e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Tables (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 13TNA3K}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} overview}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} formatting;formatting, tables;table formatting}
\fs24 Tables
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following statements specify table formatting properties:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Statement\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ccellxn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 8K00FX}\tab Set absolute position of a table cell's right edge
\par \uldb \'5cclmgf\plain\f1\fs16 {\v AABY8O}\tab Mark first cell in a range of cells to be merged
\par \uldb \'5cclmrg\plain\f1\fs16 {\v LBBY8O}\tab Merge current cell with preceding cell
\par \uldb \'5ctrgaphn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v LLG5.9}\tab Space between text in adjacent cells
\par \uldb \'5ctrleftn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2N4IEVF}\tab Set the position of left margin for the first cell in table row
\par \uldb \'5ctrowd\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 3H85SN}\tab Set table row defaults
\par \uldb \'5ctrqc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1249FE.}\tab Relative column widths. OVERLOADED
\par \uldb \'5ctrql\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12_9FE.}\tab Left align text in each cell of table row (default)\b 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:017f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Pictures (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1_9EEZZ}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} overview}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} formatting;formatting, pictures;graphics;graphics, formatting;picture formatting}
\fs24 Pictures
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following statements specify picture formatting:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\brdrb\brdrs\tx2155 \b Statement\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\tx2155 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbinn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 0UR47D}\tab Binary picture data
\par \uldb \'5cbox\plain\f1\fs16 {\v A4R47D}\tab Boxed picture
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 23WJX_P}\tab Bottom picture border
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrbar\plain\f1\fs16 {\v O4.C5_}\tab Outside picture border
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrdb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v YCWLUQ}\tab Double picture border
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrdot\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1MNOD1H}\tab Dotted picture border
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2EQYMK}\tab Left picture border
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2KQYMK}\tab Right picture border
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrs\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2LQYMK}\tab Single-thickness picture border
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrsh\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1_IWLUQ}\tab Shadow picture border
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrt\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2MQYMK}\tab Top picture border
\par \uldb \'5cbrdrth\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2N1DKYF}\tab Thick picture border
\par \uldb \'5cpichgoaln\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 13QZM1O}\tab Desired picture height
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\tx2155 \uldb \'5cpichn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 15SLMJK}\tab Picture height
\par \uldb \'5cpicscalexn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v J.O862}\tab Horizontal scaling value (100)
\par \uldb \'5cpicscaleyn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v J_O862}\tab Vertical scaling value (100)
\par \uldb \'5cpicwgoaln\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2SRZYXK}\tab Desired picture width
\par \uldb \'5cpicwn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 167LMJK}\tab Picture width
\par \uldb \'5cwbitmapn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v wbitmap_rtf}\tab Picture type (Default is Windows bitmap)
\par \uldb \'5cwbmbitspixeln\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4GEGV6}\tab Bits per pixel (1)
\par \uldb \'5cwbmplanesn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 43VW.NN}\tab Number of bitmap color planes (1)
\par \uldb \'5cwbmwidthbytesn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v FKSPXX}\tab Bitmap width, in bytes
\par \uldb \'5cwmetafilen\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2M8H0IA}\tab Windows metafile
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0180}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Fields (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Q1QA2K}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} overview}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} fields}
\b\fs24 Fields
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop supports only one field statement:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Statement\tab Meaning
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cfldrslt\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1.ZQAI}\tab Most recent calculated result of the field
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0181}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Formats (RTF)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 9U6WJ2}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} overview}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} formats, unsupported;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, unsupported formats;unsupported formats}
\b\fs24 Unsupported Formats
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop does not support statements of the following types:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Document Formatting
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Section Formatting
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Absolute-Positioned Objects
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Annotations
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Headers and Footers
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Document Information
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Index Entries
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Table of Contents Entries
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Bookmarks
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0182}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Help RTF token reference}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3Y1H_GV}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} RTF1}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help RTF tokens;reference for RTF tokens;RTF tokens;tokens, RTF}
\b\fs24 Help RTF token Reference
\par \pard\keepn\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 \{bml bm14.shg\}
\par \pard\sb235\sl-235\li115\ri125 The following is an alphabetical list of RTF tokens recognized by Help Workshop. To locate a particular statement, scroll down the topic or use the letter buttons above.
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ansi_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cansi
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cansi\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) character set. The Windows character set is essentially equivalent to the ANSI character set.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cwindows\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1YTFWK}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} b_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cb
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cb\plain\f1\fs16  statement starts bold text. The statement applies to all subsequent text up to the next \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5cb0\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 No \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5cb0\plain\f1\fs16  statement is required if the \b \'5cb\plain\f1\fs16  statement and subsequent text are enclosed in braces. Braces limit the scope of a character property statement to the enclosed text only.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example sets Note to bold:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \{\-\'5cb Note\'7d   Setting the Auto option frees novice users from determining their system configurations.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ci\plain\f1\fs16 {\v i_rtf}\b , \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4KLX0ZP}\b , \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cscaps\plain\f1\fs16 {\v AIIXHD}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 0UR47D}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cbin
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5cbin\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cbin\plain\f1\fs16  statement indicates the start of binary picture data. Help Workshop interprets subsequent bytes in the file as binary data. This statement is used in conjunction with the \b \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the number of bytes of binary data following the statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 A single space character must separate the \b \'5cbin\plain\f1\fs16  statement from subsequent bytes. Help Workshop assumes that all subsequent bytes, including linefeed and carriage return characters, are binary data. These bytes can have any value in the range 0 through 255. For this reason, the \b \'5cbin\plain\f1\fs16  statement is typically used in program-generated files only.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 If the \b \'5cbin\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given with a \b \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16  statement, the default picture data format is hexadecimal.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 164LMJK}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4AWD1BN}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cbmc
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \'5c\{\-bmc \plain\f1\fs16 filename\b \'5c\'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b bmc\plain\f1\fs16  statement displays a specified bitmap or metafile in the current line of text. The statement positions the bitmap or metafile as if it were the next character in the line, aligning it on the base line and applying the current paragraph properties.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 filename\tab Specifies the name of a file containing either a Windows bitmap, a placeable Windows metafile, a multi-resolution bitmap, or a segmented graphics bitmap.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 Since the \b bmc\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not a standard RTF token, Help Workshop relies on the opening and closing braces, including the backslashes (\'5c), to distinguish the statement from regular text. 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 If a file containing a metafile is specified, the file must contain a placeable Windows metafile; Help Workshop will not accept standard Windows metafiles. Furthermore, Help Workshop sets the MM_ANISOTROPIC mode prior to displaying the metafile, so the placeable Windows metafile must either set the window origin and extents or set some other mapping mode.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example inserts a bitmap representing a keyboard key in a paragraph:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5cpar\line
Press the \'5c\{\-bmc escape.bmp\'5c\'7d key to return to the main window.\line
\'5cpar
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbml\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 11233NT}, \uldb \'5cbmr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 11833NT}, \uldb \'5cwbitmap\plain\f1\fs16 {\v wbitmap_rtf}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 11233NT}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cbml
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5c\{\-bml \plain\f1\fs16 filename\b \'5c\'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b bml\plain\f1\fs16  statement displays a specified bitmap or metafile at the left margin of the Help window. The first line of subsequent text aligns with the upper-right corner of the image and subsequent lines wrap along the right edge of the image.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 filename\tab Specifies the name of a file containing either a Windows bitmap, a placeable Windows metafile, a multi-resolution bitmap, or a segmented graphics bitmap.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 Since the \b bml\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not a standard RTF token, Help Workshop relies on the opening and closing braces, including the backslashes (\'5c), to distinguish the statement from regular text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 If a file containing a metafile is specified, the file must contain a placeable Windows metafile; Help Workshop will not accept standard Windows metafiles. Furthermore, Help Workshop sets the MM_ANISOTROPIC mode prior to displaying the metafile, so the placeable Windows metafile must either set the window origin and extents or set some other mapping mode. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example places a bitmap at the left margin. The subsequent paragraph wraps around the bitmap: 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5cpar\line
\'5c\{\-bml roadmap.bmp\'5c\'7d\line
The map at the left shows the easiest route to the school. \line
Although many people use Highway 125, there are fewer stops \line
and less traffic if you use Ames Road. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbmc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4AWD1BN}, \uldb \'5cbmr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 11833NT}, \uldb \'5cwbitmap\plain\f1\fs16 {\v wbitmap_rtf}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 11833NT}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cbmr
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5c\{\-bmr \plain\f1\fs16 filename\b \'5c\'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b bmr\plain\f1\fs16  statement displays a specified bitmap or metafile at the right margin of the Help window. The first line of subsequent text aligns with the upper-left corner of the image and subsequent lines wrap along the left edge of the image. 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 filename\tab Specifies the name of a file containing either a Windows bitmap, a placeable Windows metafile, a multi-resolution bitmap, or a segmented graphics bitmap.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 Since the \b bmr\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not a standard RTF token, Help Workshop relies on the opening and closing braces, including the backslashes (\'5c), to distinguish the statement from regular text. 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 If a file containing a metafile is specified, the file must contain a placeable Windows metafile; Help Workshop will not accept standard Windows metafiles. Furthermore, Help Workshop sets the MM_ANISOTROPIC mode prior to displaying the metafile, so the placeable Windows metafile must either set the window origin and extents or set some other mapping mode. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example places a bitmap at the right margin. The subsequent paragraph wraps around the bitmap:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5cpar\line
\'5c\{\-bmr roadmap.bmp\'5c\'7d\line
The map at the right shows the easiest route to the school.\line
Although many people use Highway 125, there are fewer stops\line
and less traffic if you use Ames Road.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbmc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4AWD1BN}, \uldb \'5cbml\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 11233NT}, \uldb \'5cwbitmap\plain\f1\fs16 {\v wbitmap_rtf}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} A4R47D}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cbox
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cbox\plain\f1\fs16  statement draws a box around the current paragraph or picture. The statement applies to all subsequent paragraphs or pictures up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 For paragraphs, Help Workshop uses the height of the paragraph, excluding space before or after the paragraph, as the height of the box. For pictures (as defined by \b \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16  statements), Help Workshop uses the specified height of the picture as the height of the box. For both paragraphs and pictures, the width of the box is equal to the space between the left and right indents. 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 WinHelp draws the box using the current border style.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example draws a box around the paragraph:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5cpar \'5cbox\line
\{\-\'5cb Note\'7d  Setting the Auto option frees novice users from\line
determining their system configurations.\line
\'5cpar \'5cpard
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbrdrb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 23WJX_P}, \uldb \'5cbrdrl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2EQYMK}, \uldb \'5cbrdrr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2KQYMK}, \uldb \'5cbrdrt\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2MQYMK}, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 23WJX_P}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cbrdrb
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cbrdrb\plain\f1\fs16  statement draws a border below the current paragraph or picture. The statement applies to all subsequent paragraphs or pictures up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp draws the border using the current border style.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbox\plain\f1\fs16 {\v A4R47D}, \uldb \'5cbrdrbar\plain\f1\fs16 {\v O4.C5_}, \uldb \'5cbrdrl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2EQYMK}, \uldb \'5cbrdrr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2KQYMK}, \uldb \'5cbrdrt\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2MQYMK}, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} O4.C5_}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cbrdrbar
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cbrdrbar\plain\f1\fs16  statement draws a vertical bar to the left of the current paragraph or picture. The statement applies to all subsequent paragraphs or pictures up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp draws the border using the current border style.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 In a print-based document, the \b \'5cbrdrbar\plain\f1\fs16  statement draws the bar on the right side of paragraphs on odd-numbered pages, but on the left side of paragraphs on even-numbered pages. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbox\plain\f1\fs16 {\v A4R47D}, \uldb \'5cbrdrb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 23WJX_P}, \uldb \'5cbrdrl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2EQYMK}, \uldb \'5cbrdrr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2KQYMK}, \uldb \'5cbrdrt\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2MQYMK}, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} YCWLUQ}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cbrdrdb
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cbrdrdb\plain\f1\fs16  statement selects a double line for drawing borders. The selection applies to all subsequent paragraphs or pictures up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbrdrdot\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1MNOD1H}, \uldb \'5cbrdrs\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2LQYMK}, \uldb \'5cbrdrsh\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1_IWLUQ}, \uldb \'5cbrdrt\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2MQYMK}h, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1MNOD1H}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cbrdrdot
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cbrdrdot\plain\f1\fs16  statement selects a dotted line for drawing borders. The selection applies to all subsequent paragraphs or pictures up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbrdrdb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v YCWLUQ}, \uldb \'5cbrdrs\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2LQYMK}, \uldb \'5cbrdrsh\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1_IWLUQ}, \uldb \'5cbrdrt\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2MQYMK}h, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2EQYMK}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cbrdrl
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cbrdrl\plain\f1\fs16  statement draws a border to the left of the current paragraph or picture. The statement applies to all subsequent paragraphs or pictures up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp draws the border using the current border style.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbox\plain\f1\fs16 {\v A4R47D}, \uldb \'5cbrdrb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 23WJX_P}, \uldb \'5cbrdrbar\plain\f1\fs16 {\v O4.C5_}, \uldb \'5cbrdrr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2KQYMK}, \uldb \'5cbrdrt\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2MQYMK}, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2KQYMK}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cbrdrr
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cbrdrr\plain\f1\fs16  statement draws a border to the right of the current paragraph or picture. The statement applies to all subsequent paragraphs or pictures up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp draws the border using the current border style.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbox\plain\f1\fs16 {\v A4R47D}, \uldb \'5cbrdrb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 23WJX_P}, \uldb \'5cbrdrbar\plain\f1\fs16 {\v O4.C5_}, \uldb \'5cbrdrl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2EQYMK}, \uldb \'5cbrdrt\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2MQYMK}, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2LQYMK}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cbrdrs
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cbrdrs\plain\f1\fs16  statement selects a standard-width line for drawing borders. The selection applies to all subsequent paragraphs or pictures up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbrdrdb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v YCWLUQ}, \uldb \'5cbrdrdot\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1MNOD1H}, \uldb \'5cbrdrsh\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1_IWLUQ}, \uldb \'5cbrdrt\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2MQYMK}h, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 n
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1_IWLUQ}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cbrdrsh
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cbrdrsh\plain\f1\fs16  statement selects a shadow outline for drawing borders. The selection applies to all subsequent paragraphs or pictures up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbrdrdb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v YCWLUQ}, \uldb \'5cbrdrdot\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1MNOD1H}, \uldb \'5cbrdrs\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2LQYMK}, \uldb \'5cbrdrt\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2MQYMK}h, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2MQYMK}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cbrdrt
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cbrdrt\plain\f1\fs16  statement draws a border above the current paragraph or picture. The statement applies to all subsequent paragraphs or pictures up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp draws the border using the current border style.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbox\plain\f1\fs16 {\v A4R47D}, \uldb \'5cbrdrb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 23WJX_P}, \uldb \'5cbrdrbar\plain\f1\fs16 {\v O4.C5_}, \uldb \'5cbrdrl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2EQYMK}, \uldb \'5cbrdrr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2KQYMK}, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2N1DKYF}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cbrdrth
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cbrdrth\plain\f1\fs16  statement selects a thick line for drawing borders. The selection applies to all subsequent paragraphs or pictures up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbrdrdb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v YCWLUQ}, \uldb \'5cbrdrdot\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1MNOD1H}, \uldb \'5cbrdrs\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2LQYMK}, \uldb \'5cbrdrsh\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1_IWLUQ}, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} cell_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5ccell
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5ccell\plain\f1\fs16  statement marks the end of a cell in a table. A cell consists of all paragraphs from a preceding \b \'5cintbl\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5ccell\plain\f1\fs16  statement to the ending \b \'5ccell\plain\f1\fs16  statement. WinHelp formats and displays these paragraphs using the left and right margins of the cell and any current paragraph properties.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example creates a two-column table. The second column contains three separate paragraphs, each having different paragraph properties: 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5ccellx2880\'5ccellx5760\line
\'5cintbl\line
Alignment\'5ccell\line
\'5cql\line
Left-aligned\line
\'5cpar\line
\'5cqc\line
Centered\line
\'5cpar\line
\'5cqr\line
Right-aligned\'5ccell\line
\'5crow \'5cpard
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ccellx\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 8K00FX}, \uldb \'5cintbl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 11SVOAI}, \uldb \'5crow\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 25GX_PL}, \uldb \'5ctrgaph\plain\f1\fs16 {\v LLG5.9}, \uldb \'5ctrleft\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2N4IEVF}, \uldb \'5ctrowd\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 3H85SN}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8K00FX}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5ccellx
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5ccellx\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5ccellx\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the absolute position of the right edge of a table cell. One \b \'5ccellx\plain\f1\fs16  statement must be given for each cell in the table. The first \b \'5ccellx\plain\f1\fs16  statement applies to the left-most cell, the last to the rightmost cell. For each \b \'5ccellx\plain\f1\fs16  statement, the specified position applies to the corresponding cell in each subsequent row of the table up to the next \b \'5ctrowd\plain\f1\fs16  statement. 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the position of the cell's right edge, in twips. The position is relative to the left edge of the Help window. It is not affected by the current indents.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 A table consists of a grid of cells in columns and rows. Each cell has an explicitly defined right edge; the position of a cell's left edge is the same as the position of the right edge of the adjacent cell. For the left-most cell in a row, the left edge position is equal to the Help window's left margin position. Each cell has a left and right margin between which WinHelp aligns and wraps text. By default, the margin positions are equal to the left and right edges. The \b \'5ctrgaph\plain\f1\fs16  and \b \'5ctrleft\plain\f1\fs16  statements can be used to set different margins for all cells in a row. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example creates a three-column table having two rows. The positions of the right edges of the three cells are 2, 4, and 6 inches, respectively:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5ccellx2880\'5ccellx5760\'5ccellx8640\line
\'5cintbl\line
Row 1 Cell 1\'5ccell\line
Row 1 Cell 2\'5ccell\line
Row 1 Cell 3\'5ccell\line
\'5crow\line
\'5cintbl\line
Row 2 Cell 1\'5ccell\line
Row 2 Cell 2\'5ccell\line
Row 2 Cell 3\'5ccell\line
\'5crow \'5cpard
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ccell\plain\f1\fs16 {\v cell_rtf}, \uldb \'5cintbl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 11SVOAI}, \uldb \'5crow\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 25GX_PL}, \uldb \'5ctrgaph\plain\f1\fs16 {\v LLG5.9}, \uldb \'5ctrleft\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2N4IEVF}, \uldb \'5ctrowd\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 3H85SN}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CB_RTF}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5ccb
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5ccb\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5ccb\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the background color. The new color applies to all subsequent text up to the next \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5ccb\plain\f1\fs16  statement. 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the color number to set as background. The number must be an integer number in the range 1 to the maximum number of colors specified in the color table for the Help file. If an invalid color number is specified, WinHelp uses the default background color.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 No \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5ccb\plain\f1\fs16  statement is required if the \b \'5ccb\plain\f1\fs16  statement and subsequent text are enclosed in braces. Braces limit the scope of a character property statement to the enclosed text only.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 If the \b \'5ccb\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, the default background color is the text color set by Control Panel.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example creates a light gray background color:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \{\-\'5ccolortbl;\'5cred128\'5cgreen128\'5cblue128;\'7d\line
\{\-\'5ccb1 This background is light gray.\'7d
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ccf\plain\f1\fs16 {\v CF_RTF}, \uldb \'5ccolortbl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v IG1A_U}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CF_RTF}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5ccf
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5ccf\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5ccf\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the foreground color. The new color applies to all subsequent text up to the next \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5ccf\plain\f1\fs16  statement. 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the color number to set as foreground. The number must be an integer number in the range 1 to the maximum number of colors specified in the color table for the Help file. If an invalid color number is specified, WinHelp uses the default foreground color.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 No \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5ccf\plain\f1\fs16  statement is required if the \b \'5ccf\plain\f1\fs16  statement and subsequent text are enclosed in braces. Braces limit the scope of a character property statement to the enclosed text only.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 If the \b \'5ccf\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, the default foreground color is the text color set by Control Panel.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example displays green text:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \{\-\'5ccolortbl;\'5cred0\'5cgreen255\'5cblue0;\'7d\line
\{\-\'5ccf1 This text is green.\'7d
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ccb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v CB_RTF}, \uldb \'5ccolortbl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v IG1A_U}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 13H26MY}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cchftn
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5cchftn\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cchftn\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the footnote reference character for subsequent \b \'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16  statements.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 Help Workshop ignores this statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the footnote reference character.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 6M1HH_}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} AABY8O}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cclmgf
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cclmgf\plain\f1\fs16  statement specifies the first cell in a range of cells to be merged.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 Help Workshop ignores this statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 All cells between the \b \'5cclmgf\plain\f1\fs16  statement and a subsequent \b \'5cclmrg\plain\f1\fs16  statement are combined into a single cell. The left edge of the new cell is the same as that of the left-most cell to be merged; the right edge is the same as that of the rightmost cell.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cclmrg\plain\f1\fs16 {\v LBBY8O}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LBBY8O}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cclmrg
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cclmrg\plain\f1\fs16  statement merges the current cell with the preceding cell.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 Help Workshop ignores this statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 All cells between the \b \'5cclmgf\plain\f1\fs16  statement and a subsequent \b \'5cclmrg\plain\f1\fs16  statement are combined into a single cell. The left edge of the new cell is the same as that of the left-most cell to be merged; the right edge is the same as that of the rightmost cell.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cclmgf\plain\f1\fs16 {\v AABY8O}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IG1A_U}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5ccolortbl
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \{\-\'5ccolortbl\'5cred\plain\f1\fs16 r\b \'5cgreen\plain\f1\fs16 g\b \'5cblue\plain\f1\fs16 b\b ;\'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5ccolortbl\plain\f1\fs16  statement creates a color table for the Help file. The color table consists of one or more color definitions. Each color definition consists of one \b \'5cred\plain\f1\fs16 , \b \'5cgreen\plain\f1\fs16 , and \b \'5cblue\plain\f1\fs16  statement specifying the amount of primary color to use to generate the final color. Each color definition must end with a semicolon (;).
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 r\tab Specifies the intensity of red in the color. It must be an integer in the range 0 through 255.
\par g\tab Specifies the intensity of green in the color. It must be an integer in the range 0 through 255.
\par b\tab Specifies the intensity of blue in the color. It must be an integer in the range 0 through 255.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 Color definitions are implicitly numbered starting at zero. A color definition's implicit number can be used in the \b \'5ccf\plain\f1\fs16  statement to set the foreground color.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 The default colors are the window text and window background colors set by Control Panel. To override the default colors, a \b \'5ccolortbl\plain\f1\fs16  statement and \b \'5ccf\plain\f1\fs16  and \b \'5ccb\plain\f1\fs16  statements must be given.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example creates a color table containing two color definitions. The first color definition is empty (only the semicolon is given), so color number 0 always represents the default color. The second definition specifies green; color number 1 can be used to display green text:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \{\-\'5ccolortbl;\'5cred0\'5cgreen255\'5cblue0;\'7d
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ccb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v CB_RTF}, \uldb \'5ccf\plain\f1\fs16 {\v CF_RTF}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} deff_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cdeff
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5cdeff\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cdeff\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the default font number. Help Workshop uses the number to set the default font whenever a \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  statement is given or an invalid font number is given in a \b \'5cf\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the number of the font to be used as the default font. This parameter must be a valid font number as specified by the \b \'5cfonttbl\plain\f1\fs16  statement for the Help file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 If the \b \'5cdeff\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, the default font number is zero.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cf\plain\f1\fs16 {\v f_rtf}, \uldb \'5cfonttbl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v W50JJN}, \uldb \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4KLX0ZP}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1_S4HV.}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cemdash
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \'5cemdash
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cemdash\plain\f1\fs16  statement inserts an em dash character if either Times New Roman or Arial has been specified in the \'5cfonttable of the current rtf file. If neither font has been specified, Help Workshop substitutes a hyphen character.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cendash\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 99UDT3}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1X9ISO4}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cemspace
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \'5cemspace
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cemspace\plain\f1\fs16  statement inserts two spaces in the current font.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5censpace\plain\f1\fs16 {\v GLD2DA}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 99UDT3}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cendash
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \'5cendash
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cendash\plain\f1\fs16  statement inserts an en dash character if either Times New Roman or Arial has been specified in the \'5cfonttable of the current rtf file. If neither font has been specified, Help Workshop substitutes a hyphen character.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cemdash\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1_S4HV.}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} GLD2DA}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5censpace
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \'5censpace
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5censpace\plain\f1\fs16  statement inserts an a space character in Courier font using the current point size if Courier has been specified in the \'5cfonttable of the current rtf file. If Coureir has been specified, Help Workshop substitutes a space in the current font.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cemspace\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1X9ISO4}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ewc_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cewc
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \'5c\{\-ewc \plain\f1\fs16 DLL-name, window-class, author-data\b \'5c\'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b ewc\plain\f1\fs16  statement displays information (bitmap, multimedia element, and so on) under the control of a dynamic-link library in the current line of text. The statement positions the object as if it were the next character in the line, aligning it on the base line and applying the current paragraph properties.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 DLL-name\tab Specifies the name of the DLL that controls the embedded window. The filename must not include an extension or be fully qualified, but it can include a relative path. WinHelp assumes .DLL or .EXE to be the default extension.
\par window-class\tab Specifies the name of the embedded window class as defined in the source code for the DLL.
\par author-data\tab Specifies an arbitrary string, which WinHelp passes to the embedded window when it creates the window. This string can be one or more substrings separated by any punctuation mark except a comma. The DLL is responsible for parsing this string.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Since the \b ewc\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not a standard RTF token, Help Workshop relies on the opening and closing braces, including the backslashes (\'5c), to distinguish the statement from regular text. 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 Because the embedded window is treated as text, paragraph formatting properties assigned to the paragraph also apply to the window. Text coming before or after the window does not wrap around the window. Help adjusts the height of the line containing the embedded window to allow enough space for the embedded window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 If you use the \b \'5csl\plain\f1\fs16  statement in conjunction with an \b ewc\plain\f1\fs16  statement, don't specify a negative value. If you do, the embedded window might appear on top of the succeeding paragraph when WinHelp displays the topic.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example displays a 256-color bitmap in an embedded window within a paragraph:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5cpar\line
preceding text \'5c\{\-ewc MVBMP, ViewerBMP, ..\'5cart\'5cocean.bmp\f7 \'5c\f1 \'7d following text...\line
\'5cpar
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cewl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7PA6CJ}, \uldb \'5cewr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7VA6CJ}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7PA6CJ}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cewl
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5c\{\-ewl \plain\f1\fs16 DLL-name, window-class, author-data\b \'5c\'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b ewl\plain\f1\fs16  statement displays information (bitmap, multimedia element, and so on) under the control of a dynamic-link library at the left margin of the Help window. The first line of subsequent text aligns with the upper-right corner of the embedded window and subsequent lines wrap along the right edge of the window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 DLL-name\tab Specifies the name of the DLL that controls the embedded window. The filename must not include an extension or be fully qualified, but it can include a relative path. WinHelp assumes .DLL or .EXE to be the default extension.
\par window-class\tab Specifies the name of the embedded window class as defined in the source code for the DLL.
\par author-data\tab Specifies an arbitrary string, which WinHelp passes to the embedded window when it creates the window. This string can be one or more substrings separated by any punctuation mark except a comma. The DLL is responsible for parsing this string.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Since the \b ewl\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not a standard RTF token, Help Workshop relies on the opening and closing braces, including the backslashes (\'5c), to distinguish the statement from regular text. 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 Do not put any space characters between the \b ewl\plain\f1\fs16  statement and the paragraph text unless you want the first line of text indented from the rest of the text that wraps along the right edge of the window. To be sure that text wraps correctly around an embedded window, insert a soft carriage return at the end of each line of text.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example places an embedded window at the left margin. The subsequent paragraph wraps around the embedded window: 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5cpar\line
\'5c\{\-ewl \f7 FADE, AmfWnd, clipbrd.amf\'5c\f1 \'7d\line
The map at the left shows the easiest route to the school. \line
Although many people use Highway 125, there are fewer stops \line
and less traffic if you use Ames Road. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cewc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ewc_rtf}, \uldb \'5cewr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7VA6CJ}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7VA6CJ}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cewr
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5c\{\-ewr \plain\f1\fs16 DLL-name, window-class, author-data\b \'5c\'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b ewr\plain\f1\fs16  statement displays information (bitmap, multimedia element, and so on.) under the control of a dynamic-link library at the right margin of the Help window. The first line of subsequent text aligns with the upper-left corner of the embedded window and subsequent lines wrap along the left edge of the window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 DLL-name\tab Specifies the name of the DLL that controls the embedded window. The filename must not include an extension or be fully qualified, but it can include a relative path. WinHelp assumes .DLL or .EXE to be the default extension.
\par window-class\tab Specifies the name of the embedded window class as defined in the source code for the DLL.
\par author-data\tab Specifies an arbitrary string, which WinHelp passes to the embedded window when it creates the window. This string can be one or more substrings separated by any punctuation mark except a comma. The DLL is responsible for parsing this string.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 Since the \b ewr\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not a standard RTF token, Help Workshop relies on the opening and closing braces, including the backslashes (\'5c), to distinguish the statement from regular text. 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 Do not put any space characters between the \b ewr\plain\f1\fs16  statement and the paragraph text unless you want the first line of text indented from the rest of the text that wraps from the left topic margin. To be sure that text wraps correctly around an embedded window, insert a soft carriage return at the end of each line of text.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example places an embedded window at the right margin. The subsequent paragraph wraps around the embedded window: 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5cpar\line
\'5c\{\-ewl \f7 FADE, AmfWnd, clipbrd.amf\'5c\f1 \'7d\line
The map at the right shows the easiest route to the school.\line
Although many people use Highway 125, there are fewer stops\line
and less traffic if you use Ames Road.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cewc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ewc_rtf}, \uldb \'5cewl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7PA6CJ}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 ee
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} f_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cf
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5cf\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cf\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the font. The new font applies to all subsequent text up to the next \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5cf\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the font number. This parameter must be one of the integer font numbers defined in the font table for the Help file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cf\plain\f1\fs16  statement does not set the point size of the font; use the \b \'5cfs\plain\f1\fs16  statement instead.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 No \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5cf\plain\f1\fs16  statement is required if the \b \'5cf\plain\f1\fs16  statement and subsequent text are enclosed in braces. Braces limit the scope of a character property statement to just the enclosed text. 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 If the \b \'5cf\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, the default font is defined by the \b \'5cdeff\plain\f1\fs16  token (or is zero if no \b \'5cdeff\plain\f1\fs16  token is supplied). 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example uses the Arial font to display text:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \{\-\'5cfonttbl \{\-\'5cf0\'5cfswiss Arial;\'7d\'7d\line
\'5cpar\line
\{\-\'5cf0\line
This text illustrates the Arial font.\'7d\line
\'5cpar
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cdeff\plain\f1\fs16 {\v deff_rtf}, \uldb \'5cfonttbl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v W50JJN}, \uldb \'5cfs\plain\f1\fs16 {\v FS_RTF}, \uldb \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4KLX0ZP}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FI_RTF}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cfi
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5cfi\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cfi\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the first-line indent for the paragraph. The new indent applies to the first line of each subsequent paragraph up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement or \b \'5cfi\plain\f1\fs16  statement. The first-line indent is always relative to the current left indent.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the indent in twips. This parameter can be either a positive or negative number.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 If the \b \'5cfi\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, the first-line indent is zero by default.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example uses the first-line indent and a tab stop to make a numbered list:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5ctx360\'5cli360\'5cfi-360\line
1\line
\'5ctab\line
Insert the disk in drive A.\line
\'5cpar\line
2\line
\'5ctab\line
Type a:setup and press the ENTER key.\line
\'5cpar\line
3\line
\'5ctab\line
Follow the instructions on the screen.\line
\'5cpar \'5cpard
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cli\plain\f1\fs16 {\v li_rtf}, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1FDOD4E}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cfield
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cfield\plain\f1\fs16  statement defines a field.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores this statement and all related field statements except the \b \'5cfldrslt\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cfldrslt\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1.ZQAI}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1.ZQAI}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cfldrslt
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cfldrslt\plain\f1\fs16  statement specifies the most recently calculated result of a field. Help Workshop interprets the result as text and formats it using the current character and paragraph properties. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores all field statements except the \b \'5cfldrslt\plain\f1\fs16  statement. Any text associated with other field statements is ignored.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cfield\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1FDOD4E}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} W50JJN}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cfonttbl
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5cfonttbl \{\-\'5cf\plain\f1\fs16 n\b \'5c\plain\f1\fs16 family font-name\b ;   .\'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cfonttbl\plain\f1\fs16  statement creates a font table for the Help file. The font table consists of one or more font definitions. Each definition consists of a font number, a font family, and a font name.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the font number. This parameter must be an integer. This number can be used in subsequent \b \'5cf\plain\f1\fs16  statements to set the current font to the specified font. In the font table, font numbers should start at zero and increase by one for each new font definition.
\par family\tab Specifies the font family. This parameter must be one of the following.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\brdrb\brdrs\tx1265\tx2155 \b Value\tab Meaning\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-885\tx2155 \b fnil\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Unknown or default fonts (default)
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-885\tx2155 \b froman\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Roman, proportionally spaced serif fonts (for example, MS Serif and Palatino)
\par \b fswiss\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Swiss, proportionally spaced sans serif fonts (for example, Swiss)
\par \b fmodern\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Fixed-pitch serif and sans serif fonts (for example, Courier, Elite, and Pica)
\par \b fscript\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Script fonts (for example, Cursive)
\par \b fdecor\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Decorative fonts (for example, Old English and ITC Zapf Chancery)
\par \b ftech\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Technical, symbol, and mathematical fonts (for example, Symbol)
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 font-name\tab Specifies the name of the font. This parameter should specify an available Windows font.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 If a font with the specified name is not available, WinHelp chooses a font from the specified family. If no font from the given family exists, WinHelp chooses a font having the same character set as specified for the Help file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 The \b \'5cdeff\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the default font number for the Help file. The default font is set whenever the \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement is given.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cdeff\plain\f1\fs16 {\v deff_rtf}, \uldb \'5cf\plain\f1\fs16 {\v f_rtf}, \uldb \'5cfs\plain\f1\fs16 {\v FS_RTF}, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6M1HH_}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cfootnote
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\b \{\-\'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16  text\b \'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16  statement defines topic-specific information, such as the topic's build tags, topic ID, title, browse code, keywords, and entry macros. Every topic must have at least a topic ID footnote in order to give the user access to the topic through links.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the footnote character. It can be one of the following.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\brdrb\brdrs\tx1265\tx2155 \b Value\tab Meaning\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-885\tx2155 \b *\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Specifies a build tag. Help Workshop uses build tags to determine whether to include the topic in the Help file. The text parameter can be any combination of characters but must not contain spaces. Uppercase and lowercase characters are treated as equivalent characters (case insensitive). If a topic has build-tag statements, they must be the first statements in the topic. Help Workshop checks a topic for build tags if the Help project (.HPJ) file specifies a build expression using the \b BUILD\plain\f1\fs16  option.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-885\tx2155 \b #\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Specifies a topic ID. The text parameter can be any combination of letters and digits but must not contain spaces. Uppercase and lowercase characters are treated as equivalent characters (case insensitive). The topic ID can be used with the \b \'5cv\plain\f1\fs16  statement in other topics to create links to this topic.
\par \b $\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Specifies a topic title. WinHelp uses the topic title to identify the topic in the Topics Found and History dialog boxes. The text parameter can be any combination of characters including spaces.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-885\tx2155 >\tab Specifies a default window type for individual topics. WinHelp uses this window definition to display the topic when it is accessed from the index.
\par \b +\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Specifies the browse-sequence identifier. WinHelp adds topics having an identifier to the browse sequence and allows users to view the topics by using the browse buttons. The text parameter can be a combination of letters and digits. WinHelp determines the order of topics in the browse sequence by sorting the identifier alphabetically. If two topics have the same identifier, WinHelp assumes that the topic that was compiled first is to be displayed first. WinHelp uses the browse sequence identifier only if the browse buttons have been enabled by using the \b BrowseButtons\plain\f1\fs16  macro.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-885\tx2155 \b K\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Specifies a keyword. WinHelp displays all keywords in the Help file in the Index property sheet and allows a user to choose a topic to view by choosing a keyword. The text parameter can be any combination of characters including spaces. If the first character is the letter K; it must be preceded with an extra space or a semicolon. More than one keyword can be given by separating the keywords with semicolons (;). A topic cannot contain keywords unless it also has a topic title.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-885\tx2155 \b A\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Specifies a keyword used for an \b ALink\plain\f1\fs16  macro. 'A' keywords do not appear in the index.
\par \b !\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Specifies a Help macro. WinHelp runs the macro when the topic is displayed. The text parameter can be any Help macro.
\par \b @\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Specifies an author-defined comment about the Help topic. This footnote is provided for authoring purposes only. Help Workshop ignores this footnote when building the Help file. The text parameter can be any combination of letters and digits, including accented characters and spaces.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\tx2155 If n is any letter (other than K or A), the footnote specifies an alternative keyword. Windows programs can search for topics having alternative keywords by using the \b HELP_MULTIKEY\plain\f1\fs16  command with the \b WinHelp\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 text\tab Specifies the build tag, topic ID, topic title, browse-sequence number, keyword, or macro associated with the footnote. This parameter depends on the footnote type as specified by the n parameter.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 A topic can have more than one build tag, topic ID, keyword, and Help-macro statement, but must not have more than one topic-title or browse-sequence-number statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 In print-based documents, the \b \'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16  statement creates a footnote and the footnote is anchored to the character immediately preceding the \b \'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example defines a topic titled "Short Topic." The topic ID "topic1" can be used to create links to the topic. The keywords "example topic" and "short topic" appear in the Search dialog box and can be used to choose the topic for viewing. Or the user can find the topic by browsing since the topic is included in the short browse sequence. The topic also includes an entry macro that starts the Microsoft Clock program when Help displays the topic:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab $\{\-\'5cfootnote Short Topic\'7d\line
#\{\-\'5cfootnote topic1\'7d\line
K\{\-\'5cfootnote example topic;short topic\'7d\line
+\{\-\'5cfootnote short:015\'7d\line
!\{\-\'5cfootnote ExecProgram(`clock.exe', 0)\'7d\line
This topic has a title, topic ID, and two keywords.\line
\'5cpar\line
\'5cpage
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cchftn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 13H26MY}, \uldb \'5cv\plain\f1\fs16 {\v v_rtf}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FS_RTF}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cfs
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5cfs\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cfs\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the size of the font. The new font size applies to all subsequent text up to the next \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5cfs\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the size of the font, in half points.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cfs\plain\f1\fs16  statement does not set the font face; use the \b \'5cf\plain\f1\fs16  statement instead.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 No \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5cfs\plain\f1\fs16  statement is required if the \b \'5cfs\plain\f1\fs16  statement and subsequent text are enclosed in braces. Braces limit the scope of a character property statement to just the enclosed text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 If the \b \'5cfs\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, the default font size is 24.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example sets the size of the font to 10 points:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \{\-\'5cfs20 This line is in 10 point type.\'7d\line
\'5cpar
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cf\plain\f1\fs16 {\v f_rtf}, \uldb \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4KLX0ZP}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} H9XTYV}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5c'
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5c'\plain\f1\fs16 hh\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5c'\plain\f1\fs16  statement converts the specified hexadecimal number into a character value and inserts the value into the Help file. The appearance of the character when displayed depends on the character set specified for the Help file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 hh\tab Specifies a two-digit hexadecimal value.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 Since Help Workshop does not accept character values greater than 127, the \b \'5c'\plain\f1\fs16  statement is the only method to insert such character values into the Help file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example inserts a trademark in a Help file that uses the \b \'5cwindows\plain\f1\fs16  statement to set the character set:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab ABC\'5c'99 is a trademark of the ABC Product Corporation.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cansi\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ansi_rtf}, \uldb \'5cpc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 301S_6}, \uldb \'5cpca\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 18DE.TA}, \uldb \'5cwindows\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1YTFWK}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} i_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5ci
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5ci\plain\f1\fs16  statement starts italic text. The statement applies to all subsequent text up to the next \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5ci0\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 No \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5ci0\plain\f1\fs16  statement is required if the \b \'5ci\plain\f1\fs16  statement and subsequent text are enclosed in braces. Braces limit the scope of a character property statement to just the enclosed text.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example sets "not" to italic:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab You must \{\-\'5ci not\'7d save the file without first setting the\line
Auto option.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v b_rtf}, \uldb \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4KLX0ZP}, \uldb \'5cscaps\plain\f1\fs16 {\v AIIXHD}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 11SVOAI}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cintbl
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cintbl\plain\f1\fs16  statement marks subsequent paragraphs as part of a table. The statement applies to all subsequent paragraphs up to the next \b \'5crow\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example creates a three-column table having two rows:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5ccellx1440\'5ccellx2880\'5ccellx4320\line
\'5cintbl\line
Row 1 Column 1\'5ccell\line
Row 1 Column 2\'5ccell\line
Row 1 Column 3\'5ccell \'5crow\line
\'5cintbl\line
Row 2 Column 1\'5ccell\line
Row 2 Column 2\'5ccell\line
Row 2 Column 3\'5ccell \'5crow \'5cpard
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ccell\plain\f1\fs16 {\v cell_rtf}, \uldb \'5ccellx\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 8K00FX}, \uldb \'5crow\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 25GX_PL}, \uldb \'5ctrgaph\plain\f1\fs16 {\v LLG5.9}, \uldb \'5ctrleft\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2N4IEVF}, \uldb \'5ctrowd\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 3H85SN}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} keep_rtf}
{\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} keep_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5ckeep
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5ckeep\plain\f1\fs16  statement prevents WinHelp from wrapping text to fit the Help window. The statement applies to all subsequent paragraphs up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 If the text in a paragraph exceeds the width of the Help window, WinHelp displays a horizontal scroll bar.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 In print-based documents, the \b \'5ckeep\plain\f1\fs16  statement keeps paragraphs intact.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example makes the paragraph beginning "Cardfile has two views \plain\f0\fs16 \'97\f1  Card and List" nonwrapping text:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5cpar\'5cpard\'5ckeep\line
Cardfile has two views--Card and List.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cline\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1YHDZM6}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} keepn_rtf}
{\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} keepn_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5ckeepn
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5ckeepn\plain\f1\fs16  statement creates a nonscrolling region at the top of the Help window for the given topic. The \b \'5ckeepn\plain\f1\fs16  statement applies to all subsequent paragraphs up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement. All paragraphs at the beginning of a topic that meet this criteria are placed in the nonscrolling region.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx7465 \plain\f1\fs16 If a \b \'5ckeepn\plain\f1\fs16  statement is used in a topic, it must be applied to the first paragraph in the topic (and subsequent paragraphs as needed). Help Workshop displays an error message and does not create a nonscrolling region if paragraphs are given before the \b \'5ckeepn\plain\f1\fs16  statement. Only one nonscrolling region per topic is allowed.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx7465 WinHelp formats, aligns, and wraps text in the nonscrolling region just as it does in the rest of the topic. It separates the nonscrolling region from the rest of the Help window with a horizontal bar. WinHelp sets the height of the nonscrolling region so that all paragraphs in the region can be viewed if the Help window is large enough. If the window is smaller than the nonscrolling region, the user will be unable to view the rest of the topic. For this reason, the nonscrolling region is typically reserved for a single line of text specifying the name or title of the topic.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx7465 In print-based documents, the \b \'5ckeepn\plain\f1\fs16  statement keeps the subsequent paragraph with the paragraph that follows it.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx7465 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx7465 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example places the first paragraph of the topic beginning "Cardfile has two views \plain\f0\fs16 \'97\f1  Card and List" into a nonscrolling region:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5cpar\'5cpard\'5ckeepn\line
Cardfile has two views--Card and List.\line
\'5cpar\'5cpard
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cpage\plain\f1\fs16 {\v page_rtf}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} XC5Y79}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cldblquote
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5cldblquote
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cldblquote\plain\f1\fs16  statement inserts a left double quotation mark if either Times New Roman or Arial has been specified in the \'5cfonttable of the current rtf file. If neither font has been specified, Help Workshop substitutes a straight double-quote character. The actual quote character used depends on the language of the help file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5clquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v D2X9GS}, \uldb \'5crdblquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12UI60T}, \uldb \'5crquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v _.DCI4}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} li_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cli
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5cli\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cli\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the left indent for the paragraph. The indent applies to all subsequent paragraphs up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5cli\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the indent in twips. The value can be either positive or negative.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 If the \b \'5cli\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, the left indent is zero by default. WinHelp automatically provides a small left margin; if no indent is specified the text does not start immediately at the left edge of the Help window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 Specifying a negative left indent moves the starting point for a line of text to the left of the default left margin. If the negative indent is large enough, the start of the text may be clipped by the left edge of the Help window.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example uses the left indent and a tab stop to make a bulleted list. In this example, font number 0 is assumed to be the Symbol font:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Use the Auto command to:\line
\'5cpar\line
\'5ctx360\'5cli360\'5cfi-360\line
\{\-\'5cf0\'5c'B7\'7d\line
\'5ctab\line
Save files automatically\line
\'5cpar\line
\{\-\'5cf0\'5c'B7\'7d\line
\'5ctab\line
Prevent overwriting existing files\line
\'5cpar\line
\{\-\'5cf0\'5c'B7\'7d\line
\'5ctab\line
Create automatic backup files\line
\'5cpar \'5cpard
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cf\plain\f1\fs16 {\v f_rtf}i, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}, \uldb \'5cri\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ri_rtf}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1YHDZM6}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cline
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cline\plain\f1\fs16  statement breaks the current line without ending the paragraph. Subsequent text starts on the next line and is aligned and indented according to the current paragraph properties.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cpar\plain\f1\fs16 {\v DL9__1}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} D2X9GS}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5clquote
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5clquote
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5clquote\plain\f1\fs16  statement inserts a left single quotation mark if either Times New Roman or Arial has been specified in the \'5cfonttable of the current rtf file. If neither font has been specified, Help Workshop substitutes a left single quotation mark in the current font.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cldblquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v XC5Y79}, \uldb \'5crdblquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12UI60T}, \uldb \'5crquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v _.DCI4}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} mac_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cmac
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cmac\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the Apple Macintosh character set.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cwindows\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1YTFWK}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} page_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cpage
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cpage\plain\f1\fs16  statement marks the end of a topic.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 In a print-based document, the \b \'5cpage\plain\f1\fs16  statement creates a page break.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example shows a complete topic:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab $\{\-\'5cfootnote Short Topic\'7d\line
#\{\-\'5cfootnote short_topic\'7d\line
Most topics in a topic file consist of topic-title and\line
topic-ID statements followed by the topic text. Every\line
topic ends with a \{\-\'5cb \'5c\'5cpage\'7d statement.\line
\'5cpar\line
\'5cpage
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cpar\plain\f1\fs16 {\v DL9__1}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DL9__1}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cpar
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cpar\plain\f1\fs16  statement marks the end of a paragraph. The statement ends the current line of text and moves the current position to the left margin and down by the current line-spacing and space-after-paragraph values. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The first line of text after a \b \'5cpar\plain\f1\fs16 , \b \'5cpage\plain\f1\fs16 , or \b \'5csect\plain\f1\fs16  statement marks the start of a paragraph. When a paragraph starts, the current position is moved down by the current space-before-paragraph value. Subsequent text is formatted using the current text alignment, line spacing, and the left, right, and first-line indents.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example has three paragraphs:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5cql\line
This paragraph is left-aligned.\line
\'5cpar \'5cpard\line
\'5cqc\line
This paragraph is centered.\line
\'5cpar \'5cpard\line
\'5cqr\line
This paragraph is right-aligned.\line
\'5cpar
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cline\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1YHDZM6}, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}, \uldb \'5csect\plain\f1\fs16 {\v C83L2R}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Y4OHIO}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cpard
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement restores all paragraph properties to default values.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 If the \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement appears anywhere before the end of a paragraph (that is, before the \b \'5cpar\plain\f1\fs16  statement), the default properties apply to the entire paragraph.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The default paragraph properties are as follows.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \b Property\tab Default
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 Alignment\tab Left-aligned
\par First-line indent\tab 0
\par Left indent\tab 0
\par Right indent\tab 0
\par Space before\tab 0
\par Space after\tab 0
\par Line spacing\tab Tallest character
\par Tab stops\tab None
\par Borders\tab None
\par Border style\tab Single-width
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cpar\plain\f1\fs16 {\v DL9__1}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 301S_6}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cpc
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cpc\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the OEM character set (also known as code page 437).
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cwindows\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1YTFWK}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 18DE.TA}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cpca
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cpca\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the International English character set (also known as code page 850).
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cwindows\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1YTFWK}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1615 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 15SLMJK}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cpich
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \fs16 \'5cpich\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1615 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cpich\plain\f1\fs16  statement specifies the height of the picture. This statement must be used in conjunction with a \b \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the height of the picture, in twips or pixels, depending on the picture type. If the picture is a metafile, the width is in twips; otherwise, the width is in pixels.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 164LMJK}, \uldb \'5cpicw\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 167LMJK}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 13QZM1O}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cpichgoal
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \'5cpichgoal\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cpichgoal\plain\f1\fs16  statement specifies the desired height of a picture. If necessary, WinHelp stretches or compresses the picture to match the requested height. This statement must be used in conjunction with a \b \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the desired height, in twips.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 164LMJK}, \uldb \'5cpicwgoal\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2SRZYXK}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} J.O862}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cpicscalex
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \'5cpicscalex\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cpicscalex\plain\f1\fs16  statement specifies the horizontal scaling value. This statement must be used in conjunction with a \b \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the scaling value. The parameter must be a value in the range 0 through 100, representing a percentage.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 If the \b \'5cpicscalex\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, the default scaling value is 100.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cpicscaley\plain\f1\fs16 {\v J_O862}, \uldb \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 164LMJK}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} J_O862}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cpicscaley
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \'5cpicscaley\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cpicscaley\plain\f1\fs16  statement specifies the vertical scaling value. This statement must be used in conjunction with a \b \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the scaling value. The parameter must be a value in the range 0 through 100, representing a percentage.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 If the \b \'5cpicscaley\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, the default scaling value is 100.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cpicscalex\plain\f1\fs16 {\v J.O862}, \uldb \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 164LMJK}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 164LMJK}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cpict
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \'5cpict \plain\f1\fs16 picture-statements picture-data\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16  statement creates a picture. A picture consists of hexadecimal or binary data representing a bitmap or metafile.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\brdrb\brdrs\tx1795 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\tx1795 \plain\f1\fs16 picture-statements\tab Specifies one or more statements defining the type of picture, the dimensions of the picture, and the format of the picture data. It can be a combination of the following statements:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3595\ri125\fi-1795\brdrb\brdrs\tx3595 \b Statement\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3595\ri125\fi-1795\tx3595 \uldb \'5cwbitmap\plain\f1\fs16 {\v wbitmap_rtf}\tab Specifies a Windows bitmap.
\par \uldb \'5cwmetafile\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2M8H0IA}\tab Specifies a Windows metafile.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3595\ri125\fi-1795\tx3595 \uldb \'5cpicw\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 167LMJK}\tab Specifies the picture width.
\par \uldb \'5cpich\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 15SLMJK}\tab Specifies the picture height.
\par \uldb \'5cpicwgoal\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2SRZYXK}\tab Specifies the desired picture width.
\par \uldb \'5cpichgoal\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 13QZM1O}\tab Specifies the desired picture height.
\par \uldb \'5cpicscalex\plain\f1\fs16 {\v J.O862}\tab Specifies the horizontal scaling value.
\par \uldb \'5cpicscaley\plain\f1\fs16 {\v J_O862}\tab Specifies the vertical scaling value.
\par \uldb \'5cwbmbitspixel\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4GEGV6}\tab Specifies the number of bits per pixel.
\par \uldb \'5cwbmplanes\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 43VW.NN}\tab Specifies the number of planes.
\par \uldb \'5cwbmwidthbytes\plain\f1\fs16 {\v FKSPXX}\tab Specifies the bitmap width, in bytes.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3595\ri125\fi-1795\tx3595 \uldb \'5cbin\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 0UR47D}\tab Specifies binary picture data.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1795\ri125\fi-1665\tx1795 picture-data\tab Specifies hexadecimal or binary data representing the picture. The picture data follows the last picture statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \plain\f1\fs16 If a data format is not specified, the default format is hexadecimal.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbin\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 0UR47D}, \uldb \'5cpich\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 15SLMJK}, \uldb \'5cpichgoal\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 13QZM1O}, \uldb \'5cpicscalex\plain\f1\fs16 {\v J.O862}, \uldb \'5cpicscaley\plain\f1\fs16 {\v J_O862}, \uldb \'5cpicw\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 167LMJK}, \uldb \'5cpicwgoal\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2SRZYXK}, \uldb \'5cwbitmap\plain\f1\fs16 {\v wbitmap_rtf}, \uldb \'5cwbmbitspixel\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4GEGV6}, \uldb \'5cwbmplanes\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 43VW.NN}, \uldb \'5cwbmwidthbytes\plain\f1\fs16 {\v FKSPXX}, \uldb \'5cwmetafile\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2M8H0IA}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1795 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 167LMJK}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cpicw
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \fs16 \'5cpicw\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1795 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cpicw\plain\f1\fs16  statement specifies the width of the picture. This statement must be used in conjunction with a \b \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the width of the picture, in twips or pixels, depending on the picture type. If the picture is a metafile, the width is in twips; otherwise, the width is in pixels.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cpich\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 15SLMJK}, \uldb \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 164LMJK}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2SRZYXK}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cpicwgoal
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \'5cpicwgoal\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cpicwgoal\plain\f1\fs16  statement specifies the desired width of the picture, in twips. If necessary, WinHelp stretches or compresses the picture to match the requested height. This statement must be used in conjunction with a \b \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the desired width, in twips.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cpichgoal\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 13QZM1O}, \uldb \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 164LMJK}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4KLX0ZP}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cplain
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  statement restores the character properties to default values.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The default character properties are as follows.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Property\tab Default
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 Bold\tab Off
\par Italic\tab Off
\par Small caps\tab Off
\par Font\tab 0
\par Font size\tab 24
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v b_rtf}, \uldb \'5cf\plain\f1\fs16 {\v f_rtf}, \uldb \'5cfs\plain\f1\fs16 {\v FS_RTF}, \uldb \'5ci\plain\f1\fs16 {\v i_rtf}, \uldb \'5cscaps\plain\f1\fs16 {\v AIIXHD}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} qc_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cqc
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cqc\plain\f1\fs16  statement centers text between the current left and right indents. The statement applies to subsequent paragraphs up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement or text-alignment statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 If a \b \'5cql\plain\f1\fs16 , \b \'5cqr\plain\f1\fs16 , \b \'5cqc\plain\f1\fs16 , or \b \'5cqj\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, the text is left-aligned by default.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cqj\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4A1S_6}, \uldb \'5cql\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4C1S_6}, \uldb \'5cqr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4I1S_6}, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4A1S_6}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cqj
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cqj\plain\f1\fs16  statement justifies text between the current left and right indents. The statement applies to subsequent paragraphs up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement or text-alignment statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 If a \b \'5cql\plain\f1\fs16 , \b \'5cqr\plain\f1\fs16 , \b \'5cqc\plain\f1\fs16 , or \b \'5cqj\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, the text is left-aligned by default.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cqc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v qc_rtf}, \uldb \'5cql\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4C1S_6}, \uldb \'5cqr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4I1S_6}, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4C1S_6}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cql
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cql\plain\f1\fs16  statement aligns text along the left indent. The statement applies to subsequent paragraphs up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement or text-alignment statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 If a \b \'5cql\plain\f1\fs16 , \b \'5cqr\plain\f1\fs16 , \b \'5cqc\plain\f1\fs16 , or \b \'5cqj\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, the text is left-aligned by default.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cqc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v qc_rtf}, \uldb \'5cqj\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4A1S_6}, \uldb \'5cqr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4I1S_6}, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4I1S_6}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cqr
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cqr\plain\f1\fs16  statement aligns text along the right indent. The statement applies to subsequent paragraphs up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement or text-alignment statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 If a \b \'5cql\plain\f1\fs16 , \b \'5cqr\plain\f1\fs16 , \b \'5cqc\plain\f1\fs16 , or \b \'5cqj\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, the text is left-aligned by default.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cqc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v qc_rtf}, \uldb \'5cqj\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4A1S_6}, \uldb \'5cql\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4C1S_6}, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 12UI60T}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5crdblquote
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \'5crdblquote
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5crdblquote\plain\f1\fs16  statement inserts a right double quotation mark if either Times New Roman or Arial has been specified in the \'5cfonttable of the current rtf file. If neither font has been specified, Help Workshop substitutes a straight double-quote character. The actual quote character used depends on the language of the help file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cldblquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v XC5Y79}, \uldb \'5clquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v D2X9GS}, \uldb \'5crquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v _.DCI4}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ri_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cri
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \'5cri\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cri\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the right indent for the paragraph. The indent applies to all subsequent paragraphs up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5cri\plain\f1\fs16  statement. 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the right indent, in twips. It can be a positive or negative value.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 If the \b \'5cri\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, the right indent is zero by default. WinHelp automatically provides a small right margin so that when no right indent is specified, the text does not end abruptly at the right edge of the Help window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 WinHelp never displays less than one word for each line in a paragraph even if the right indent is greater than the width of the window.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 In the following example, the right and left indents are set to one inch and the subsequent text is centered between the indents:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5cli1440\'5cri1440\'5cqc\line
Microsoft WinHelp\'5cline\line
Sample File\'5cline
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cli\plain\f1\fs16 {\v li_rtf}, \uldb \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 25GX_PL}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5crow
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5crow\plain\f1\fs16  statement marks the end of a table row. The statement ends the current row and begins a new row by moving down pass the end of the longest cell in the row. The next \b \'5ccell\plain\f1\fs16  statement specifies the text of the left-most cell in the next row.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example creates a table having four rows and two columns:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5ccellx2880\'5ccellx5760\line
\'5cintbl\line
Row 1, Column 1\'5ccell\line
Row 1, Column 2\'5ccell \'5crow\line
\'5cintbl\line
Row 2, Column 1\'5ccell\line
Row 2, Column 2\'5ccell \'5crow\line
\'5cintbl\line
Row 3, Column 1\'5ccell\line
Row 3, Column 2\'5ccell \'5crow\line
\'5cintbl\line
Row 4, Column 1\'5ccell\line
Row 4, Column 2\'5ccell \'5crow\line
\'5cpar \'5cpard
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ccell\plain\f1\fs16 {\v cell_rtf}, \uldb \'5ccellx\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 8K00FX}, \uldb \'5cintbl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 11SVOAI}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _.DCI4}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5crquote
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5crquote
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5crquote\plain\f1\fs16  statement inserts a right single quotation mark if either Times New Roman or Arial has been specified in the \'5cfonttable of the current rtf file. If neither font has been specified, Help Workshop substitutes a straight single-quote character in the current font.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cldblquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v XC5Y79}, \uldb \'5clquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v D2X9GS}, \uldb \'5crdblquote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12UI60T}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 206X_PL}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5crtf
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5crtf\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cRTF token\plain\f1\fs16  identifies the file as a rich-text format (RTF) file and specifies the version of the RTF standard used.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the version of the RTF standard used.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cRTF token\plain\f1\fs16  must follow the first open brace in the Help file. A statement specifying the character set for the file must also follow the \b \'5cRTF token\plain\f1\fs16 .
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cwindows\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1YTFWK}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} sa_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5csa
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \'5csa\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5csa\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the amount of vertical spacing after a paragraph. The vertical space applies to all subsequent paragraphs up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5csa\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the amount of vertical spacing, in twips.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 If the \b \'5csa\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, the vertical spacing after a paragraph is zero by default.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}, \uldb \'5csb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 691S_6}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 691S_6}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5csb
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \'5csb\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5csb\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the amount of vertical spacing before the paragraph. The vertical space applies to all subsequent paragraphs up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5csb\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the amount of vertical spacing, in twips.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 If the \b \'5csb\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, the vertical spacing before the paragraph is zero by default.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}, \uldb \'5csa\plain\f1\fs16 {\v sa_rtf}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} AIIXHD}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cscaps
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cscaps\plain\f1\fs16  statement starts small-capital text. The statement converts all subsequent lowercase letters to uppercase before displaying the text. This statement applies to all subsequent text up to the next \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5cscaps0\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 No \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5cscaps0\plain\f1\fs16  statement is required if the \b \'5cscaps\plain\f1\fs16  statement and subsequent text are enclosed in braces. Braces limit the scope of a character property statement to just the enclosed text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 The \b \'5cscaps\plain\f1\fs16  statement does not reduce the point size of the text. To reduce point size, the \b \'5cfs\plain\f1\fs16  statement must be used.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example displays the key name \fs19 ENTER\fs16  in small capitals:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Press the \{\-\'5cscaps ENTER\'7d key to complete the action.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4KLX0ZP}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} C83L2R}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5csect
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5csect\plain\f1\fs16  statement marks the end of a section and paragraph.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cpar\plain\f1\fs16 {\v DL9__1}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6C1S_6}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5csl
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5csl\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5csl\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the amount of vertical space between lines in a paragraph. The vertical space applies to all subsequent paragraphs up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5csl\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the amount of vertical spacing, in twips. If this parameter is a positive value, WinHelp uses this value if it is greater than the tallest character. Otherwise, WinHelp uses the height of the tallest character as the line spacing. If this parameter is a negative value, WinHelp uses the absolute value of the number even if the tallest character is taller.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 If the \b \'5csl\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given or the specified amount of spacing is 1000, WinHelp automatically sets the line spacing by using the tallest character in the line.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Y4OHIO}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1NTK807}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cstrike
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cstrike\plain\f1\fs16  statement creates a hotspot. The statement is used in conjunction with a \b \'5cv\plain\f1\fs16  statement to create a link to another topic. When the user chooses a hotspot, WinHelp displays the associated topic in the Help window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 The \b \'5cstrike\plain\f1\fs16  statement applies to all subsequent text up to the next \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5cstrike0\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 No \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5cstrike0\plain\f1\fs16  statement is required if the \b \'5cstrike\plain\f1\fs16  statement and subsequent text are enclosed in braces. Braces limit the scope of a character property statement to just the enclosed text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 In print-based documents, or whenever it is not followed by \b \'5cv\plain\f1\fs16 , the \b \'5cstrike\plain\f1\fs16  statement creates strikeout text.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example creates a hotspot for a topic. When displayed, the hotspot text, "Hotspot," is green and has a solid line under it:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \{\-\'5cstrike Hotspot\'7d\{\-\'5cv Topic\'7d
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cul\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ul_rtf}, \uldb \'5culdb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12B7468}, \uldb \'5cv\plain\f1\fs16 {\v v_rtf}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} tab_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5ctab
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5ctab\plain\f1\fs16  statement inserts a tab character (ASCII character code 9).
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The tab character (ASCII character 9) has the same effect as the \b \'5ctab\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ctb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 791S_6}, \uldb \'5ctqc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 473X_PL}, \uldb \'5ctqc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 473X_PL}, \uldb \'5ctx\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7O1S_6}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 791S_6}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5ctb
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5ctb\plain\f1\fs16  statement advances to the next tab stop.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ctab\plain\f1\fs16 {\v tab_rtf}, \uldb \'5ctqc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 473X_PL}, \uldb \'5ctqr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 47BX_PL}, \uldb \'5ctx\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7O1S_6}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 473X_PL}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5ctqc
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5ctqc\plain\f1\fs16  statement advances to the next tab stop and centers text.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ctab\plain\f1\fs16 {\v tab_rtf}, \uldb \'5ctb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 791S_6}, \uldb \'5ctqr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 47BX_PL}, \uldb \'5ctx\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7O1S_6}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 47BX_PL}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5ctqr
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5ctqr\plain\f1\fs16  statement advances to the next tab stop and aligns text to the right.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ctab\plain\f1\fs16 {\v tab_rtf}, \uldb \'5ctb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 791S_6}, \uldb \'5ctqc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 473X_PL}, \uldb \'5ctx\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7O1S_6}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LLG5.9}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5ctrgaph
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5ctrgaph\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5ctrgaph\plain\f1\fs16  statement specifies the amount of space between text in adjacent cells in a table. For each cell in the table, WinHelp uses the space to calculate the cell's left and right margins. It then uses the margins to align and wrap the text in the cell. WinHelp applies the same margin widths to each cell ensuring that paragraphs in adjacent cells have the specified space between them.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The \b \'5ctrgaph\plain\f1\fs16  statement applies to cells in all subsequent rows of a table up to the next \b \'5ctrowd\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the space, in twips, between text in adjacent cells. If this parameter exceeds the actual width of the cell, the left and right margins are assumed to be at the same position in the cell.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The width of the left margin in the first cell is always equal to the space specified by this statement. The \b \'5ctrleft\plain\f1\fs16  statement is typically used to move the left margin to a position similar to the left margins in all other cells.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example creates a three-column table with one-quarter inch space between the text in the columns:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5ctrgaph360 \'5ccellx1440\'5ccellx2880\'5ccellx4320\line
\'5cintbl\line
Row 1 Column 1\'5ccell\line
Row 1 Column 2\'5ccell\line
Row 1 Column 3\'5ccell \'5crow\line
\'5cintbl\line
Row 2 Column 1\'5ccell\line
Row 2 Column 2\'5ccell\line
Row 2 Column 3\'5ccell \'5crow \'5cpard
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ccell\plain\f1\fs16 {\v cell_rtf}, \uldb \'5ccellx\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 8K00FX}, \uldb \'5cintbl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 11SVOAI}, \uldb \'5crow\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 25GX_PL}, \uldb \'5ctrleft\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2N4IEVF}, \uldb \'5ctrowd\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 3H85SN}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2N4IEVF}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5ctrleft
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5ctrleft\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5ctrleft\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the position of the left margin for the first (left-most) cell in a row of a table. This statement applies to the first cell in all subsequent rows of the table up to the next \b \'5ctrowd\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the relative position, in twips, of the left margin. This parameter can be a positive or negative number. The final position of the left margin is the sum of the current position and this value.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example creates a three-column table with one-quarter inch space between the text in the columns. The left margin in the first cell is flush with the left margin of the Help window:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \'5ctrgaph360\'5ctrleft-360 \'5ccellx1440\'5ccellx2880\'5ccellx4320\line
\'5cintbl\line
Row 1 Column 1\'5ccell\line
Row 1 Column 2\'5ccell\line
Row 1 Column 3\'5ccell \'5crow\line
\'5cintbl\line
Row 2 Column 1\'5ccell\line
Row 2 Column 2\'5ccell\line
Row 2 Column 3\'5ccell \'5crow \'5cpard
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ccell\plain\f1\fs16 {\v cell_rtf}, \uldb \'5ccellx\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 8K00FX}, \uldb \'5cintbl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 11SVOAI}, \uldb \'5crow\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 25GX_PL}, \uldb \'5ctrgaph\plain\f1\fs16 {\v LLG5.9}, \uldb \'5ctrowd\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 3H85SN}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3H85SN}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5ctrowd
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5ctrowd\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets default margins and cell positions for subsequent rows in a table.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ccell\plain\f1\fs16 {\v cell_rtf}, \uldb \'5ccellx\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 8K00FX}, \uldb \'5cintbl\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 11SVOAI}, \uldb \'5crow\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 25GX_PL}, \uldb \'5ctrgaph\plain\f1\fs16 {\v LLG5.9}, \uldb \'5ctrleft\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2N4IEVF}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1249FE.}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5ctrqc
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5ctrqc\plain\f1\fs16  statement directs WinHelp to dynamically adjust the width of table columns to fit in the current window.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 In a print-based document, the \b \'5ctrqc\plain\f1\fs16  statement centers a table row with respect to its containing column.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ctrowd\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 3H85SN}, \uldb \'5ctrql\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12_9FE.}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 12_9FE.}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5ctrql
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5ctrql\plain\f1\fs16  statement aligns the text in each cell of a table row to the left.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ctrowd\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 3H85SN}, \uldb \'5ctrqc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1249FE.}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7O1S_6}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5ctx
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5ctx\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5ctx\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the position of a tab stop. The position is relative to the left margin of the Help window. A tab stop applies to all subsequent paragraphs up to the next \b \'5cpard\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the tab stop position, in twips.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 If the \b \'5ctx\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, tab stops are set at every one-half inch by default.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5ctab\plain\f1\fs16 {\v tab_rtf}, \uldb \'5ctb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 791S_6}, \uldb \'5ctqc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 473X_PL}, \uldb \'5ctqr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 47BX_PL}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ul_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cul
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cul\plain\f1\fs16  statement creates a link to a pop-up topic. The statement is used in conjunction with a \b \'5cv\plain\f1\fs16  statement to create a link to another topic. When the user chooses the link, WinHelp displays the associated topic in a pop-up window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 The \b \'5cul\plain\f1\fs16  statement applies to all subsequent text up to the next \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5cul0\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 No \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5cul0\plain\f1\fs16  statement is required if the \b \'5cul\plain\f1\fs16  statement and subsequent text are enclosed in braces. Braces limit the scope of a character property statement to just the enclosed text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 In print-based documents, or whenever it is not followed by \b \'5cv\plain\f1\fs16 , the \b \'5cul\plain\f1\fs16  statement creates continuous underline.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example creates a pop-up link for a topic. When displayed, the link text, "Pop-up Link," is green and has a dotted line under it:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \{\-\'5cul Pop-up Link\'7d\{\-\'5cv PopupTopic\'7d
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cstrike\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1NTK807}, \uldb \'5culdb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12B7468}, \uldb \'5cv\plain\f1\fs16 {\v v_rtf}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 12B7468}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5culdb
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5culdb\plain\f1\fs16  statement creates a hotspot. This statement is used in conjunction with a \b \'5cv\plain\f1\fs16  statement to create a link to another topic. When the user chooses a hotspot, WinHelp displays the associated topic in the Help window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The \b \'5culdb\plain\f1\fs16  statement applies to all subsequent text up to the next \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5culdb0\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 No \b \'5cplain\plain\f1\fs16  or \b \'5culdb0\plain\f1\fs16  statement is required if the \b \'5culdb\plain\f1\fs16  statement and subsequent text are enclosed in braces. Braces limit the scope of a character property statement to just the enclosed text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 In print-based documents, or whenever it is not followed by \b \'5cv\plain\f1\fs16 , the \b \'5culdb\plain\f1\fs16  statement creates double underline.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example creates a hotspot for a topic. When displayed, the hotspot text, "Hotspot," is green and has a solid line under it:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \{\-\'5culdb Hotspot\'7d\{\-\'5cv Topic\'7d
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cstrike\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1NTK807}, \uldb \'5cul\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ul_rtf}, \uldb \'5cv\plain\f1\fs16 {\v v_rtf}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} v_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cv
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \{\-\'5cv \plain\f1\fs16 topic-ID\b \'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cv\plain\f1\fs16  statement creates a link to the topic having the specified topic ID. The \b \'5cv\plain\f1\fs16  statement is used in conjunction with the \b \'5cstrike\plain\f1\fs16 , \b \'5cul\plain\f1\fs16 , and \b \'5culdb\plain\f1\fs16  statements to create hotspots and links to topics.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 topic-ID\tab Specifies the topic ID of a topic in the Help file. The string can be any combination of characters, except spaces, and must also be specified in a topic ID \b \'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16  statement in some topic in the Help file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 If the topic ID is preceded by a percent sign (%), WinHelp displays the associated hotspot or link without applying the standard underline and color.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 If the topic ID is preceded by an asterisk (*), WinHelp displays the associated hotspot or link with an underline but without applying the standard color.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 In print-based documents, the \b \'5cv\plain\f1\fs16  statement creates hidden text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 For links or hotspots, the syntax of the \b \'5cv\plain\f1\fs16  statement is as follows:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125\tx1435 [\b %\plain\f1\fs16 |\b *\plain\f1\fs16 ]context[\b >\plain\f1\fs16 secondary-window][\b @\plain\f1\fs16 filename]
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 In this syntax, secondary-window is the name of the secondary window to jump to. When the secondary window is not specified, the jump is to the same window as the current Help topic is using. To jump to the main Help window, specify "main" for this parameter. This parameter may not be used with pop-up window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 The filename parameter specifies a jump to a topic in a different Help file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 For a macro hotspot, the syntax of the \b \'5cv\plain\f1\fs16  statement is as follows:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li715\ri125\tx1435 [\b %\plain\f1\fs16 |\b *\plain\f1\fs16 ]\b !\plain\f1\fs16 macro[\b ;\plain\f1\fs16 macro][\b ;...\plain\f1\fs16 ]
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example creates a hotspot for the topic having the topic ID "Topic." WinHelp applies an underline and the color green to the text "Hotspot" when it displays the topic:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \{\-\'5culdb Hotspot\'7d\{\-\'5cv Topic\'7d
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cfootnote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 6M1HH_}, \uldb \'5cstrike\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1NTK807}, \uldb \'5cul\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ul_rtf}, \uldb \'5culdb\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12B7468}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} wbitmap_rtf}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cwbitmap
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5cwbitmap\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cwbitmap\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the picture type to Windows bitmap. This statement must be used in conjunction with a \b \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the bitmap type. This parameter is zero for a logical bitmap.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cwbitmap\plain\f1\fs16  statement is optional; if a \b \'5cwmetafile\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not specified, the picture is assumed to be a Windows bitmap.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example creates a 32-by-8-pixel monochrome bitmap:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \{\-\line
\'5cpict \'5cwbitmap0\'5cwbmbitspixel1\'5cwbmplanes1\'5cwbmwidthbytes4\'5cpicw32\'5cpich8\line
3FFFFFFC\line
F3FFFFCF\line
FF3FFCFF\line
FFF3CFFF\line
FFFC3FFF\line
FFCFF3FF\line
FCFFFF3F\line
CFFFFFF3\line
\'7d
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbmc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4AWD1BN}, \uldb \'5cbml\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 11233NT}, \uldb \'5cbmr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 11833NT}, \uldb \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 164LMJK}, \uldb \'5cwmetafile\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2M8H0IA}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4GEGV6}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cwbmbitspixel
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \fs16 \'5cwbmbitspixel\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cwbmbitspixel\plain\f1\fs16  statement specifies the number of consecutive bits in the bitmap data that represent a single pixel. This statement must be used in conjunction with the \b \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the number of bits per pixel.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 If the \b \'5cwbmbitspixel\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, the default bits per pixel value is 1.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 164LMJK}, \uldb \'5cwbitmap\plain\f1\fs16 {\v wbitmap_rtf}, \'5cwbmplanes
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 43VW.NN}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cwbmplanes
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \'5cwbmplanes\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cwbmplanes\plain\f1\fs16  statement specifies the number of color planes in the bitmap data. This statement must be used in conjunction with a \b \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the number of bitmap planes.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 If the \b \'5cwbmplanes\plain\f1\fs16  statement is not given, the default number of planes is 1.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 164LMJK}, \uldb \'5cwbitmap\plain\f1\fs16 {\v wbitmap_rtf}, \'5cwbmbitspixel
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FKSPXX}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cwbmwidthbytes
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \'5cwbmwidthbytes\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cwbmwidthbytes\plain\f1\fs16  statement specifies the number of bytes in each scan line of the bitmap data. This statement must be used in conjunction with the \b \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the width of the bitmap, in bytes.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 164LMJK}, \uldb \'5cwbitmap\plain\f1\fs16 {\v wbitmap_rtf}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1YTFWK}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cwindows
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cwindows\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the Windows character set.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 If no \b \'5cwindows\plain\f1\fs16 , \b \'5cpc\plain\f1\fs16 , or \b \'5cpca\plain\f1\fs16  statement is given in the Help file, the Windows character set is used by default.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cansi\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ansi_rtf}, \uldb \'5cpc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 301S_6}, \uldb \'5cpca\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 18DE.TA}
\par \pard\sb115\sa115\sl-115\li-1765\ri25\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \fs8\cf1 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2M8H0IA}
\plain\f1\b\fs20 \'5cwmetafile
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \fs16 \'5cwmetafile\plain\f1\fs16 n\b 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b \'5cwmetafile\plain\f1\fs16  statement sets the picture type to a Windows metafile. This statement must be used in conjunction with the \b \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16  statement.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\brdrb\brdrs\tx1255 \b Parameter\tab Description
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1265\ri125\fi-1135\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 n\tab Specifies the metafile type. This parameter must be 8.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp expects the hexadecimal data associated with the picture to represent a valid Windows metafile. By default, WinHelp sets the MM_ANISOTROPIC mapping mode prior to displaying the metafile. To ensure that the picture is displayed correctly, the metafile data must either set the window origin and extents by using the \b SetWindowOrg\plain\f1\fs16  and \b SetWindowExt\plain\f1\fs16  records or set another mapping mode by using the \b SetMapMode\plain\f1\fs16  record.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \b Example
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1255 \plain\f1\fs16 The following example creates a picture using a metafile:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab \{\-\{\-\'5cpict\'5cwmetafile8\'5cpicw2880\'5cpich2880\line
0100090000034f0000000200090000000000\line
050000000b0200000000050000000c026400\line
6400090000001d066200ff00640064000000\line
000008000000fa0200000200000000000000\line
040000002d01000005000000140200000000\line
050000001302640064000500000014020000\line
64000500000013026400000008000000fa02\line
00000000000000000000040000002d010100\line
04000000f00100000300000000004e0dff00\line
870020000050000020000000000000000000\'7d\line
\'5cpar \'7d
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b See Also
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \'5cbmc\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4AWD1BN}, \uldb \'5cbml\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 11233NT}, \uldb \'5cbmr\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 11833NT}, \uldb \'5cpict\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 164LMJK}, \uldb \'5cwbitmap\plain\f1\fs16 {\v wbitmap_rtf}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} no_rtf}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 No RTF codes begin with this letter.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0190}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Converting from Viewer 2.0 to WinHelp 4.0}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} V2_OVERVIEW}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} V2_OVERVIEW}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} converting;converting, Viewer 2.0 files to WinHelp 4.0;files,;files, converting Viewer 2.0 to WinHelp 4.0;titles;titles, Viewer 2.0, converting to WinHelp file;Viewer 2.0;Viewer 2.0, file conversions to WinHelp 4.0;WinHelp 4.0;WinHelp 4.0, conversions from Viewer 2.0}
\b\fs24 Converting from Viewer 2.0 to WinHelp 4.0
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Perform the following procedures to convert a Microsoft Viewer 2.0 title to a Microsoft Windows Help version 4.0 file:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Update macro references.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Update multimedia references.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Convert the Viewer project file (.MVP) to a Help Workshop project file.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Create a \ul contents file.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2GB40S}
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Build the new Help (.HLP) file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab WinHelp does not support panes, groups, or fields
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab WinHelp has its own (optional) full-text search indexer and user interface.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab WinHelp supports the \b LDLLHandler\plain\f1\fs16  callback function, but does not support other Viewer APIs.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("from_V2_overview")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("from_V2_overview")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0191}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Update macro references}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} V2_UPDATE_MACROS}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} from_v2_overview;V2_UPDATE_MACROS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, Viewer 2.0 conversions;Viewer 2.0;Viewer 2.0, updating macro references}
\b\fs24 Update Macro References
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores unsupported macros in the Help project file, but alerts you to their presence with notes and warning messages. One or more of the following procedures may be necessary:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Remove Viewer-specific macros.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Update macros that have a slightly different form in WinHelp.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("from_v2_macros")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("from_v2_macros")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0192}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Unsupported Viewer macros}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} V2_UNSUPPORTED_VIEWER_MACROS}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} from_v2_macros;V2_UNSUPPORTED_VIEWER_MACROS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, Viewer 2.0 unsupported;Viewer 2.0;Viewer 2.0, macros unsupported in WinHelp 4.0}
\b\fs24 Unsupported Viewer Macros
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following Viewer macros are not supported in WinHelp version 4.0:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\brdrb\brdrs\tx2155\tx8885 \b Viewer Macro\tab Reason
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\tx2155\tx8885 ChangeCitation\plain\f1\fs16 \tab WinHelp supports only a single citation (specified in the project (.HPJ)file.)
\par \b ClosePane\tab \plain\f1\fs16 Panes are not supported in WinHelp 4.0.
\par \b CopyBmp\tab \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp cannot copy images to the Clipboard.
\par \b DeleteMenu\tab \plain\f1\fs16 Menus can be added or reset in WinHelp 4.0, but not deleted.
\par \b DeleteSeparator\tab \plain\f1\fs16 Use the \uldb DeleteItem\plain\f1\fs16 {\v DeleteItem>main} macro.
\par \b FTSearch\tab \plain\f1\fs16 Use the \uldb Find\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Find>main} macro to provide access to the full-text search user interface.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\tx2155\tx8885 \b HideButtonBar\tab \plain\f1\fs16 The WinHelp \ul main window\plain\f1\fs16 {\v O8.Q2} button bar can be turned off in the window definition in the project file.
\par \b HideMenuBar\tab \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp \ul secondary windows\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2ZK4PT} do not display menus.
\par \b Highlight\tab \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp version 4.0 does not highlight the words found in full-text searches.
\par \b InsertButton\tab \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp does not support specific button positioning.
\par \b InsertSeparator\tab \plain\f1\fs16 Use the \uldb ExtInsertItem\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ExtInsertItem>main} macro.
\par \b JumpAddr\tab \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp provides its own full-text search.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\tx2155\tx8885 \b JumpCookie\tab \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp uses \ul hash codes\plain\f1\fs16 {\v OYZM9} rather than addresses.
\par \b KeyIndex\tab \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp uses the \uldb Search\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Search>main} macro to display the keyword Index tab in the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \b MasterAspect\tab \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp does not support panes.
\par \b MasterNSRColor\tab \plain\f1\fs16 Colors for nonscrolling regions are part of window definitions, which are specified in the project file.
\par \b MasterSRColor\tab \plain\f1\fs16 Color for scrolling regions are part of window definitions, which are specified in the project file.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\tx2155\tx8885 \b MCICommand\tab \plain\f1\fs16 In WinHelp, MCI support is provided by the \b \{\-mci\'7d\plain\f1\fs16  topic file reference.
\par \b PaneId\tab \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp does not support panes.
\par \b PositionMaster\tab \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp does not support panes.
\par \b PositionTopic\tab \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp provides macro support only for device-independent window positioning (using the \uldb PositionWindow\plain\f1\fs16 {\v PositionWindow>main} macro).
\par \b SearchDialog\tab \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp provides a \uldb Search\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Search>main} macro to display the Index tab in the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \b ShowButtonBar\tab \plain\f1\fs16 The WinHelp main window button bar is configurable in the window definition in the project file.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\tx2155\tx8885 \b ShowMenuBar\tab \plain\f1\fs16 Menus are not configurable in WinHelp
\par \b Std20Buttons\tab \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp provides its own standard buttons for the main window.
\par \b Std20Menus\tab \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp provides its own standard menus for the main window.
\par \b SwitchToTopicsFound\tab \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp provides its own full-text search user interface, which does not include a separate Topics Found dialog box.
\par \b WindowAspect\tab \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp does not support panes.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx2155\tx8885 Help Workshop ignores these unsupported macros in the Help project file, but alerts you to their presence with notes and warning messages.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("CITATION;Search;Finder;PositionWindow;mci")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("CITATION;Search;Finder;PositionWindow;mci")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0193}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} WinHelp-specific macros}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} V2_WINHELP_SPECIFIC_MACROS}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} from_v2_macros;V2_WINHELP_SPECIFIC_MACROS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} citation;macros,;macros, WinHelp-specific;Viewer 2.0;Viewer 2.0, WinHelp-specific macros}
\b\fs24 WinHelp-Specific Macros
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macros are not provided in Viewer 2.0, but are supported in WinHelp version 4.0.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\brdrb\brdrs\tx2155\tx8875 \b WinHelp Macro\tab Purpose
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\tx2155\tx2875\tx8875 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 ALink\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ALink}\tab Searches for matching 'A' keywords in the current (and associated) Help (.HLP) files. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \uldb ChangeEnable\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ChangeEnable}\tab Assigns a macro to a navigation bar button and enables that button. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \uldb CloseSecondarys\plain\f1\fs16 {\v CloseSecondarys}\tab Closes all secondary windows. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \uldb Compare\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Compare}\tab Displays a Help file in a second instance of WinHelp. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \uldb ControlPanel\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ControlPanel}\tab Displays the specified control panel program. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\tx2155\tx2875\tx8875 \uldb EndMPrint\plain\f1\fs16 {\v EndMPrint}\tab Dismisses the printing message box and terminates the printing of multiple topics. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \uldb ExecFile\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ExecFile}\tab Runs a Windows-based program with a specified file. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \uldb ExtAbleItem\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ExtAbleItem}\tab Enables or disables a menu item.
\par \uldb ExtInsertItem\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ExtInsertItem}\tab Allows the initial state of a menu item to be set as enabled or disabled.
\par \uldb ExtInsertMenu\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ExtInsertMenu}\tab Allows submenus (cascading menus) to be created.
\par \uldb FileExist\plain\f1\fs16 {\v FileExist}\tab Checks to see whether the specified file exists on the user's computer. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\tx2155\tx2875\tx8875 \uldb Finder\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Finder}\tab Displays the Help Topics dialog box. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \uldb FloatingMenu\plain\f1\fs16 {\v FloatingMenu}\tab Displays the floating menu at the current mouse position.
\par \uldb Flush\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Flush}\tab Causes WinHelp to process any pending messages.
\par \uldb Generate\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Generate}\tab Sends a message to the currently active Help window.
\par \uldb HelpOn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v HelpOn}\tab Displays the Help file for the WinHelp program.
\par \uldb HelpOnTop\plain\f1\fs16 {\v HelpOnTop}\tab Toggles the on-top state of WinHelp.
\par \uldb InitMPrint\plain\f1\fs16 {\v InitMPrint}\tab Begins printing multiple topics. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\tx2155\tx2875\tx8875 \uldb IsBook\plain\f1\fs16 {\v IsBook}\tab Determines whether WinHelp is being run standalone or called from a program. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \uldb IsNotMark\plain\f1\fs16 {\v IsNotMark}\tab Tests whether or not a marker set by SaveMark exists. Same as Not(IsMark(text)). New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \uldb JumpContext\plain\f1\fs16 {\v JumpContext}\tab Jumps to a specific context (specified in the [MAP] section of the project (.HPJ)file) in a Help file.
\par \uldb JumpHash\plain\f1\fs16 {\v JumpHash}\tab Jumps to the topic specified by the hash code.
\par \uldb JumpHelpOn\plain\f1\fs16 {\v JumpHelpOn}\tab Jumps to the contents topic of the How to Use Help file.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\tx2155\tx2875\tx8875 \uldb KLink\plain\f1\fs16 {\v KLink}\tab Searches for matching keywords in the current (and associated) Help file(s). New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \uldb Menu\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Menu}\tab Displays the context (right-click) menu for the current Help window. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \uldb NoShow\plain\f1\fs16 {\v NoShow}\tab Causes the current topic (and the Help window) to NOT display. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \uldb PopupContext\plain\f1\fs16 {\v PopupContext}\tab Displays a specified topic in a pop-up window.
\par \uldb PopupHash\plain\f1\fs16 {\v PopupHash}\tab Displays the topic, specified by the hash code, in a pop-up window.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\tx2155\tx2875\tx8875 \uldb RemoveAccelerator\plain\f1\fs16 {\v RemoveAccelerator}\tab Removes the assignment made with AddAccelerator.
\par \uldb ResetMenu\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ResetMenu}\tab Restores the WinHelp menus to their default states.
\par \uldb Search\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Search}\tab Displays the Help Topics dialog box with the Index tab selected. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \uldb SetContents\plain\f1\fs16 {\v SetContents}\tab Designates a specific topic as the contents topic in the Help file.
\par \uldb SetHelpOnFile\plain\f1\fs16 {\v SetHelpOnFile}\tab Designates the name of the "How To Use Help" file, if different from the standard file.
\par \uldb SetPopupColor\plain\f1\fs16 {\v SetPopupColor}\tab Sets the background color for pop-up windows. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\tx2155\tx2875\tx8875 \uldb ShellExecute\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ShellExecute}\tab Opens or prints the specified file. New for WinHelp 4.0\uldb 
\par ShortCut\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ShortCut}\tab Runs a program and sends it a WM_COMMAND message. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \uldb TCard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v TCard}\tab Sends a message to the program that is invoking WinHelp as a training card. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \uldb Test\plain\f1\fs16 {\v Test}\tab Tests the current Help file. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \uldb UpdateWindow\plain\f1\fs16 {\v UpdateWindow}\tab Jumps to the topic with the specified context string in the specified window and returns the focus to the window that called the macro. New for WinHelp 4.0.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("SaveMark;AddAccelerator")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("SaveMark;AddAccelerator")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0194}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Differences in macros}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} V2_DIFFERENCES_IN_MACROS}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} from_v2_macros;V2_DIFFERENCES_IN_MACROS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} macros,;macros, Viewer 2.0 format differences;Viewer 2.0;Viewer 2.0, macros, differences in formats}
\b\fs24 Differences in Macros
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following macros are provided in both Viewer 2.0 and WinHelp version 4.0, but in slightly different formats.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\brdrb\brdrs\tx2155\tx8875 \b Macro\tab Change
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2025\tx2155\tx2875\tx8875 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 AddAccelerator\plain\f1\fs16 {\v AddAccelerator}\tab Uses slightly different virtual key (VK_*) codes.\uldb 
\par PopupId\plain\f1\fs16 {\v PopupId}\tab Does not support the pop-up window specification.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("REF_STD_BTN;REF_STD_MENU")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("REF_STD_BTN;REF_STD_MENU")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0195}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Update multimedia references}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} V2_UPDATE_MULTIMEDIA}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} from_v2_overview;V2_UPDATE_MULTIMEDIA}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} multimedia;multimedia, Viewer 2.0 reference updating;video;video, Viewer 2.0 reference updating;Viewer 2.0;Viewer 2.0, multimedia reference updating}
\b\fs24 Update Multimedia References
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Help authors include multimedia files (AVI, WAV, MIDI, and so on) in Help topics by using the \b \{\-mci\'7d\plain\f1\fs16  statement in the topic (.RTF) files.
\par WinHelp version 4.0 supports all the multimedia APIs used by Microsoft Video for Windows version 1.1.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("BAS_ADDING_SOUND;BAS_ADDING_VIDEO;mci")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("BAS_ADDING_SOUND;BAS_ADDING_VIDEO;mci")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0196}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Convert the project file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} V2_UPDATE_PROJECT_FILE}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} from_v2_overview;V2_UPDATE_PROJECT_FILE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} MVP files, converting to WinHelp 4.0;project files;project files, Viewer 2.0 converting;Viewer 2.0;Viewer 2.0, converting project files}
\b\fs24 Convert the Project File
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 To convert your Viewer project file into a WinHelp version 4.0 project (.HPJ) file:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 1\tab Rename your Viewer project file, replacing the .MVP filename extension with .HPJ filename extension.
\par 2\tab Run Help Workshop and open the renamed project file.
\par 3\tab Edit the project file as necessary.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 4\tab Compile the project file. Help Workshop will display messages if there are problems.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab Some Viewer options and sections are not supported by the version 4.0 Help Workshop.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You can add WinHelp-specific options and sections by using Help Workshop.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Use Help Workshop to make changes and additions to the project file. Editing the project file as a text file can introduce serious malfunctions.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("from_v2_update_hpj")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("from_v2_update_hpj")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0197}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Unsupported Viewer project file options}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} V2_UNSUPPORTED_PROJECT_FILE}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} from_v2_update_hpj;V2_UNSUPPORTED_PROJECT_FILE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} project files;project files, Viewer 2.0 unsupported sections;Viewer 2.0;Viewer 2.0, unsupported project file sections}
\b\fs24 Unsupported Viewer Project File Options
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following Viewer project file sections are not supported by Help Workshop version 4.0. If present in your project (.HPJ) file, Help Workshop ignores unsupported sections in the Help project file, but alerts you to their presence with notes and warning messages.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab [FTINDEX]
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab [GROUPS]
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab [KEYINDEX]
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab [PANEASSOC]
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab [PANES]
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab [POPUPS]
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab [SEARCHDLG]
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab [WWHEEL]
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 The following options in the \b [OPTIONS]\plain\f1\fs16  section of the project file are not supported by Help Workshop. The compiler ignores these options in the Help project file, but alerts you to their presence with notes and warning messages.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab ALIAS
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab BATCH
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab ICON
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab IGNORESECTION
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab MAKE
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab OPERATOR
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab SYSTEM
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab WARNING
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("HPJ_Sections;OVERVIEW;V2_WINHELP_PROJECT_FILE;V2_CHANGED_PROJECT_FILE;V2_UPDATE_PROJECT_FILE;V2_NEW_PROJECT_FILE")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("HPJ_Sections;V2_WINHELP_PROJECT_FILE;V2_CHANGED_PROJECT_FILE;V2_UPDATE_PROJECT_FILE;V2_NEW_PROJECT_FILE")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0198}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} WinHelp-specific project file options}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} V2_WINHELP_PROJECT_FILE}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} from_v2_update_hpj;V2_WINHELP_PROJECT_FILE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} project files;project files, WinHelp-specific options;Viewer 2.0;Viewer 2.0, WinHelp-specific project file options}
\b\fs24 WinHelp-specific Project File Options
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 These options are supported by Help Workshop but not the Viewer compiler. Use Help Workshop to add or edit these options.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li1985\ri125\fi-1855\brdrb\brdrs\tx425\tx575\tx1975 \b Option\tab Description
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1985\ri125\fi-1855\tx1975 \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 CHARSET\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 0H87TF}\tab Specifies the character set to use for all fonts.
\par \uldb CNT\plain\f1\fs16 {\v RB3WX}\tab Specifies the name of the \ul contents (.CNT) file.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2GB40S} to associate with the Help (.HLP) file.
\par \uldb DBCS\plain\f1\fs16 {\v RB4KGS}\tab Specifies that the topic (.RTF) files use a double-byte character set
\par \uldb DEFFONT\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ECK4F6}\tab Specifies the default font to use in WinHelp.
\par \uldb ERRORLOG\plain\f1\fs16 {\v YCLLJE}\tab Specifies the name of the log file to create when compiling the Help file.
\par \uldb FORCEFONT\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 24ML4CE}\tab Forces WinHelp to use the specified font when displaying the Help file, in place of the fonts used in the topic files.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1985\ri125\fi-1855\tx1975 \uldb FTS\plain\f1\fs16 {\v RB72W}\tab Specifies the level of information to include in the full-text search index file.
\par \uldb HCW\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2OLG6TE}\tab Reserved for use by Help Workshop.
\par \uldb HLP\plain\f1\fs16 {\v RB8UT}\tab Specifies the name of the Help file to create.
\par \uldb INDEX_SEPARATORS\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2A9VNJZ}\tab Identifies the characters used to denote separate keyword entries in topics.
\par \uldb LCID\plain\f1\fs16 {\v RB.LMD}\tab Specifies the locale ID.
\par \uldb MAPFONTSIZE\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12DOBQV}\tab Maps font sizes specified in the topic files to different sizes when displayed in the WinHelp window.
\par \uldb MULTIKEY\plain\f1\fs16 {\v K.Z2KQ}\tab Customizes the keyword search so that it uses more than one keyword table.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1985\ri125\fi-1855\tx1975 \uldb NOTES\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 15Q.CUI}\tab Specifies whether or not the compiler will display any notes during compilation.
\par \uldb OLDKEYPHRASE\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 4_QY9B}\tab Specifies whether or not to create a new keyword phrase (.PH) file.
\par \uldb REPLACE\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 06VZSZ}\tab Specifies a path prefix to replace and its replacement.
\par \uldb REPORT\plain\f1\fs16 {\v JOHTZB}\tab Specifies whether or not to display messages when compiling the Help file.
\par \uldb TMPDIR\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2NHAHAE}\tab Specifies the folder to place the temporary files created while compiling the Help file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("V2_UPDATE_PROJECT_FILE;V2_CHANGED_PROJECT_FILE;V2_UNSUPPORTED_PROJECT_FILE;V2_NEW_PROJECT_FILE")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("V2_UPDATE_PROJECT_FILE;V2_CHANGED_PROJECT_FILE;V2_UNSUPPORTED_PROJECT_FILE;V2_NEW_PROJECT_FILE")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0199}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Differences in project file options}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} V2_CHANGED_PROJECT_FILE}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} from_v2_update_hpj;V2_CHANGED_PROJECT_FILE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} compression;compression, Viewer 2.0 project files;Viewer 2.0;Viewer 2.0, setting compression}
\b\fs24 Differences in Project File Options
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following parameters have the same name in both Viewer and WinHelp, but are slightly different:
\par The COMPRESS option in the [OPTIONS] section has slightly different values for Help Workshop version 4.0. Help Workshop will automatically change this value to 0, so you must specifically set the compression yourself. 
\par The window definitions in the\b  [WINDOWS] section\plain\f1\fs16  of the Help project file use a different format.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("WINDOWS;COMPRESS;HPJ_Sections;V2_UPDATE_PROJECT_FILE;V2_WINHELP_PROJECT_FILE;V2_UNSUPPORTED_PROJECT_FILE;V2_NEW_PROJECT_FILE")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("WINDOWS;COMPRESS;HPJ_Sections;V2_UPDATE_PROJECT_FILE;V2_WINHELP_PROJECT_FILE;V2_UNSUPPORTED_PROJECT_FILE;V2_NEW_PROJECT_FILE")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:019a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} WinHelp-specific project file sections}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} V2_NEW_PROJECT_FILE}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} from_v2_update_hpj;V2_NEW_PROJECT_FILE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Viewer 2.0;Viewer 2.0, WinHelp-specific project file sections}
\b\fs24 WinHelp-specific Project File Sections
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The following sections are supported by Help Workshop version 4.0, but not by the Viewer compiler. Use Help Workshop to add or edit these options.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b [MACROS] Section
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b optional [MACROS] section associates\plain\f1\fs16  macros with keywords. The specified macros are run when a user selects an associated keyword from the index.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b [CONFIG:name] Section
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The optional [CONFIG:name] section is similar to the [CONFIG] section, except any specified macros are run when a particular window name is opened. The x in the section name is a number that associates the section with a particular window definition. This number is assigned by the Project File Editor.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("MACROS;CONFIG_x;V2_UPDATE_PROJECT_FILE;V2_CHANGED_PROJECT_FILE;V2_UNSUPPORTED_PROJECT_FILE;V2_WINHELP_PROJECT_FILE")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("MACROS;CONFIG_x;V2_UPDATE_PROJECT_FILE;V2_CHANGED_PROJECT_FILE;V2_UNSUPPORTED_PROJECT_FILE;V2_WINHELP_PROJECT_FILE")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:019b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Create a Contents file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} V2_CREATE_CNT}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} from_v2_overview;V2_CREATE_CNT}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contents files;contents files, creating when converting from Viewer 2.0;creating;creating, contents files;Viewer 2.0;Viewer 2.0, creating}
\b\fs24 Create a Contents File
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp version 4.0 supports the use of a \ul contents (.CNT) file,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2GB40S} a text file that specifies what topics display in the Contents tab in the \ul Help Topics dialog box.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v KMK38I} The Contents tab replaces the "contents topic" used in both former versions of WinHelp and Viewer version 2.0. The contents file also allows authors to create a combined index using the keywords in other Help (.HLP) files, and to specify which Help files to search when the user clicks a hotspot that runs the ALink or KLink macros.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Help Workshop can be used to create or edit contents files.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;BAS_CONTENTS_FILE_EDITOR;ALink;KLink")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;BAS_CONTENTS_FILE_EDITOR;ALink;KLink")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:019c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Build the new Help file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} V2_COMPILE_HELP_FILE}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} from_v2_overview;V2_COMPILE_HELP_FILE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} build;Help files;Viewer 2.0;Viewer 2.0, building Help files}
\b\fs24 Build the New Help File
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Once you have updated your topic (.RTF) files and project (.HPJ)files, use Help Workshop version 4.0 to compile the project file and build the Help (.HLP) file. Just click Compile on the File menu in HCW and specify the name of the project file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER;BAS_TESTING_HELP_FILES")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER;BAS_TESTING_HELP_FILES")}
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0001}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Empty keyword string}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1000}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1000}
\b\cf2 HC1000:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: A keyword footnote has been specified without a keyword.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 There are no characters in the keyword footnote in the topic (.rtf) files.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the keyword footnote. If there are no additional keyword footnotes, the topic will be inaccessible from the Index tab in the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Add one or more keywords to the keyword footnote, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_KEYWORDS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_KEYWORDS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0002}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Duplicate keyword}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1001}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1001}
\b\cf2 HC1001:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: The keyword [\'a0] is already defined in this topic.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The same keyword has be defined more than once in a topic.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the duplicate keyword.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Open the topic and remove the duplicate.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_KEYWORDS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_KEYWORDS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0003}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Using existing phrase table}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1002}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1002}
\b\cf2 HC1002:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: Using existing phrase table: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop found an existing phrase (.ph) table for the Help file you are building, and the project (.hpj) file does not specify not to use the table.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop uses the phrase table that was generated from an earlier build instead of creating a new table.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 To achieve the best phrase compression when compiling your Help file, you must delete the old key-phrase table before each recompilation, or clear the "Use old phrase file" option in the Compression tab in the Options dialog box of Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`OLDKEYPHRASE;BAS_COMPRESSION')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`OLDKEYPHRASE;BAS_COMPRESSION')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0004}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Hidden paragraph marker}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1003}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1003}
\b\cf2 HC1003:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: A paragraph mark is formatted as a hidden character.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A paragraph mark has been formatted as hidden text. This often occurs when a hotspot is the last word in a paragraph.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the paragraph mark, so the two paragraphs will run together.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Reformat the paragraph marker as plain text in the topic file, and then recompile.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Previous .BMP command incomplete}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1004}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1004}
\b\cf2 HC1004:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: A previous instance of [\'a0] does not contain [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A \{\-bmx\'7d command specifying only one resolution version of a bitmap is followed later in the topic files by a \{\-bmx\'7d command specifying that version plus one or more additional versions.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp will treat the earlier single-resolution command as if it were the same as the command specifying multiple resolutions.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Replace the single resolution command with a copy of the multiple-resolution command.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_MULT_COLOR_GRAPHICS;bmx')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_MULT_COLOR_GRAPHICS;bmx')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0005}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Parameter not unsigned number}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1005}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1005}
\b\cf2 HC1005:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: [\'a0] is not an unsigned number for the macro [\'a0]. The sign will be ignored.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The parameter for this macro should be unsigned, but the number has been prefixed with a minus character.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop will remove the minus sign when it creates the Help file.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Remove the minus sign from the macro definition, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`syntax_more')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`syntax_more')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0006}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ExecProgram used}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1006}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1006}
\b\cf2 HC1006:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: The ExecProgram macro has been used instead of ExecFile.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The \b ExecProgram\plain\f1\fs16  macro has been used.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The ExecProgram macro ignores the restricted programs that can be set in Windows\'a095. It will not search the registry from programs, so some programs cannot be launched with this command.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Replace instances of ExecProgram macro commands with ExecFile macro commands, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("ExecProgram;ExecFile")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("ExecProgram;ExecFile")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0007}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Ignoring transparent monochrome bitmaps}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1007}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1007}
\b\cf2 HC1007:\plain\f1\b\fs16  : The include tag [\'a0] has been specified in the [EXCLUDE] section.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have specified the same tag in the [EXCLUDE] section as you have in the [INCLUDE] section.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the tag in the [EXCLUDE] section.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Remove the tag from either the [EXCLUDE] or the [INCLUDE] section.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`bmx;PRO_ADD_PICTURE;BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`bmx;PRO_ADD_PICTURE;BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0008}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Ignoring transparent monochrome bitmaps}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1008}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1008}
\b\cf2 HC1008:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: Ignoring the transparent flag on the monochrome bitmap [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The transparent flag has been specified for a monochrome bitmap. It may only be used with a 16-color bitmap.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the flag.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Remove the transparent flag.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`bmx;PRO_ADD_PICTURE;BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`bmx;PRO_ADD_PICTURE;BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0009}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Map text unexpected}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1009}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1009}
\b\cf2 HC1009:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: The map entry for [\'a0] has text after the number: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Text occurs after the numeric value specified in a map entry.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the text following the number in the entry.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to make sure the map entry is correctly entered in the project file. (Comments must be preceded by a semicolon, which Help Workshop adds automatically.) Recompile after making any changes.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MAP;PRO_HPJ_ADD_MAP')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MAP;PRO_HPJ_ADD_MAP')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:000a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Map strings unused}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1010}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1010}
\b\cf2 HC1010:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: The following mapped topic IDs are not used in any topic: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Entries appear in the [MAP] section for which you have no topics.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 If a program tries to use these mapped IDs, WinHelp will display an error message.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Check the listed entries to make sure they were not mistyped. Remove any IDs that are not actually used, and add topics for those that are.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MAP;PRO_HPJ_ADD_MAP')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MAP;PRO_HPJ_ADD_MAP')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:000b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Ignored right justified table row style}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1011}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1011}
\b\cf2 HC1011:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: The right-justified table row style is not supported.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A table style has been specified that WinHelp does not support.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the style.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Remove the right-justified style.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:000c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Table cell borders not supported}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1012}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1012}
\b\cf2 HC1012:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: Table cell borders are not supported.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A table format has been specified that WinHelp does not support.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores table cell borders.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Remove table cell borders in the topic file(s), and then recompile.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:000d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Missing section bracket}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1013}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1013}
\b\cf2 HC1013:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: The "[\'a0]" section is missing a right bracket.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A section in your project file begins with a left bracket, but does not end with a right bracket.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the section heading on this line. The following lines will be processed as if they are part of the previous section which may result in errors.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Insert the right section heading bracket or remove the line entirely, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`HPJ_Sections')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`HPJ_Sections')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:000e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Duplicate multikey value}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1014}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1014}
\b\cf2 HC1014:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: The multikey value [\'a0] has already been defined.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A character used for indicating an alternate keyword table has been used already.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the duplicate keyword table assignment on this line in the project file.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Remove the duplicate character, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MULTIKEY')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MULTIKEY')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:000f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Hidden page break}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1015}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1015}
\b\cf2 HC1015:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: A page break is formatted as a hidden character.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A page break has been formatted as hidden text.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the page break. If the page break was used to separate two topics, the topics will appear as one.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Reformat the page break in the topic file as plain text, and then recompile.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0010}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Hidden carriage return}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1016}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1016}
\b\cf2 HC1016:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: A carriage return is formatted as a hidden character.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A carriage return has been formatted as hidden text.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the carriage return and does not create a new line.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Reformat the carriage return in the topic file as plain text, and then recompile.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0011}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Nonscrolling region crosses page break}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1017}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1017}
\b\cf2 HC1017:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: A nonscrolling region crosses a page break.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem:\plain\f1\fs16  The Keep With Next paragraph formatting used for specifying a non-scrolling region crosses a page break boundary.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The topic beginning with the page break will have a nonscrolling region, whether or not one is intended.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Remove the Keep With Next paragraph formatting from the page break, and then recompile.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0012}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Language option obsolete}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1019}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1019}
\b\cf2 HC1019:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: The Language option is obsolete. It should be replaced with the LCID option.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The LANGUAGE option has been used. This option has been made obsolete by the LCID option which should be used instead.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop will attempt to convert the LANGUAGE option into an appropriate LCID option.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 In Help Workshop, open the project file. Help Workshop will automatically remove the LANGUAGE option and replace it with an LCID option.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;LCID;LANGUAGE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;LCID;LANGUAGE')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0013}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Duplicate option specified}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC1024}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC1024}
\b\cf2 HC1024:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Note: The [\'a0] option has been specified more than once.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The same option has been specified more than once.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop uses the last definition for the option and ignores the others.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Remove duplicate option entries from the project file, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`HPJ_Overview;OPTIONS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`HPJ_Overview;OPTIONS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0014}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Keywords differ in case only}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC2002}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b\cf2 HC2002\plain\f1\b\fs16 : Note: The keywords [\'a0] and [\'a0] differ only by case. Help Workshop has modified one keyword to match the other.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Two keywords are identical except for case.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop automatically changes the case of one of the keywords to agree with that of another otherwise identical keyword. For example: The uppercase letters in the keyword "MyKeyword" may be changed to lowercase letters in order to agree with the keyword, "mykeyword."
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Change the keywords so that they all use the same case, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_KEYWORDS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_KEYWORDS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0015}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Keyword too large}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3000}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3000}
\b\cf2 HC3000:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The keyword [\'a0] is longer than [\'a0] characters.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A single keyword exceeds 255 characters.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the keyword.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Check for a missing semicolon or shorten the length of the keyword string, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_KEYWORDS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_KEYWORDS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0016}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} The file does not contain a valid icon}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3001}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3001}
\b\cf2 HC3001:\plain\f1\b\fs16  The file [\'a0] does not contain a valid icon.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have specified an icon using the ICON option in the [OPTIONS] section of your project file, however, the file does not contain a valid icon image.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores icon.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Since WinHelp 4.0 doesn't use the icon anyway, simply remove the ICON option from your project file and recompile..
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`syntax_more')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`syntax_more')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0017}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Expected a string parameter}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3002}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3002}
\b\cf2 HC3002:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: [\'a0] is a number but should be a string for the macro [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The parameter for the should be a string, but it starts with a numeric character.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the rest of the macro. WinHelp will not be able to run the macro.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 If the parameter really is a string that begins with a number, then you must place the string in quotations marks (`').
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`syntax_more')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`syntax_more')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0018}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid macro name}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3003}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3003}
\b\cf2 HC3003:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The macro name [\'a0] is invalid.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop does not recognize the macro you have entered.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp may not be able to run the macro.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 If you meant to use a WinHelp macro, confirm that you have spelled it correctly. Note that macro names are always entered in English no matter what language the text of the topic file is in. If the macro is supplied by a dynamic-link library (DLL), make certain you have registered the macro name using the RegisterRoutine macro in the [CONFIG] section of your project file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`syntax_more')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`syntax_more')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0019}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Function parameter type mismatch in macro variable}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3004}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3004}
\b\cf2 HC3004:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The variable used in the macro [\'a0] does not match the macro's argument type.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have used a string for a numeric parameter or a number for a string parameter.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp will not be able to run the macro.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Replace the incorrect parameter types, and then recompile. If the macro is defined in a custom dynamic-link library (DLL), check the RegisterRoutine macro in the project file for the correct parameter types.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`syntax_more;RegisterRoutine')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`syntax_more;RegisterRoutine')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:001a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Undefined variable in macro name}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3005}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3005}
\b\cf2 HC3005:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The macro variable [\'a0] is undefined.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The specified macro contains a variable that is not recognized by Help Workshop.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the rest of the macro. WinHelp will not be able to run the macro.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Replace incorrect variables, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 \tab The following is a list of valid macro variables:
\par \tab \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab hwndContext
\par \tab \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab hwndApp
\par \tab \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab qchPath
\par \tab \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab qError
\par \tab \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab lTopicNo
\par \tab \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab hfs
\par \tab \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab coForeground
\par \tab \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab coBackground
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`syntax_more;RegisterRoutine')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`syntax_more;RegisterRoutine')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:001b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Missing comma in \{button \} command}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3006}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3006}
\b\cf2 HC3006:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Missing comma in authorable button command.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have specified a \{\-button \'7d command without specifying a comma followed by the macro to run when the button is clicked.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the button command.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Look up the \{\-button \'7d command in Related Topics and correct the syntax.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`syntax_more;button')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`syntax_more;button')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:001c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid display-state parameter}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3007}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3007}
\b\cf2 HC3007:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: [\'a0] is an invalid display-state parameter for the macro [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A non-supported display state has been specified for a macro that launches a program.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the rest of the macro. WinHelp may not be able to run the macro.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Look up the macro in the Related Topics, and use one of the documented display states.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`syntax_more;ExecProgram;ExecFile')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`syntax_more;ExecProgram;ExecFile')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:001d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Missing double quote mark}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3008}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3008}
\b\cf2 HC3008:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Missing double quotation mark in macro [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 There is an unmatched double quotation mark in the macro.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the rest of the macro. WinHelp cannot run the macro.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Add the missing double quotation mark and then recompile. For most macros, it is not necessary to supply quotations marks as Help Workshop will supply them for you.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`syntax_more')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`syntax_more')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:001e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Missing single quote mark}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3009}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3009}
\b\cf2 HC3009:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Missing end quotation mark (') in macro [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A start quotation mark has been specified without an end quotation mark.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the rest of the macro. WinHelp cannot run the macro.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Add the missing single quotation mark to the macro definition and then recompile. For most macros, it is not necessary to supply quotations marks as Help Workshop will supply them for you.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`syntax_more')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`syntax_more')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:001f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Undefined macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3010}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3010}
\b\cf2 HC3010:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The macro name [\'a0] is undefined.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The macro name you have used is not a valid WinHelp macro and has not been defined by a RegisterRoutine macro.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the rest of the macro. WinHelp cannot run the macro.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 If this is a macro that calls a dynamic-link library (DLL) function, add the RegisterRoutine macro to the project file that defines this function name. Otherwise, you have probably misspelled the macro name.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`syntax_more;RegisterRoutine')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`syntax_more;RegisterRoutine')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0020}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Duplicate Accelerator}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3011}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3011}
\b\cf2 HC3011:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The accelerator [\'a0] has already been added.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The accelerator you have used in the AddAccelerator macro has already been used.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the rest of the macro. You may get a syntax error if WinHelp tries to run the macro.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use another accelerator key. Using the same format for accelerators will help avoid duplication. For example, \plain\f0\fs16 \'91\f1 A\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 , 65, and 0x41 are all the same accelerator.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`addaccelerator')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`addaccelerator')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0021}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Expected window name in macro syntax}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3012}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3012}
\b\cf2 HC3012:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The macro [\'a0] does not include a window name.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The macro requires a window name, and you have not specified one.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the rest of the macro. WinHelp cannot run the macro.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Supply the window name in the macro.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`UpdateWindow')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`UpdateWindow')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0022}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Not a valid numeric parameter}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3013}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3013}
\b\cf2 HC3013:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: [\'a0] is not a valid numeric parameter for the macro [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The parameter for the specified macro can only be a numeric value or a macro that returns a numeric value, and you have specified a string. Some macros accept a limited type of string parameter in place of a number, but if you do not use one of those values, you get an error.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the rest of the macro. WinHelp cannot run the macro.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Change the macro parameter in the topic file to a numeric value, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`syntax_more')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`syntax_more')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0023}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Duplicate window name}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3014}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3014}
\b\cf2 HC3014:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Window name [\'a0] has already been used.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The same window type has been specified more than once in the [WINDOWS] section of the project file.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Only the first definition of the window is used.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Run Help Workshop and open the project file. You are prompted for a correction to the duplicate entry. Make the correction, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0024}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid window position}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3015}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3015}
\b\cf2 HC3015:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: This window position is invalid: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 An invalid window position has been used. The window position in a window definition consists of four numbers that define the window\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 s location on the screen and its width and height. The four numbers must be given in WinHelp\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 s 1024-by-1024 coordinate system, and they must be enclosed in parentheses and separated by commas.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the window definition.
\par \b Solution:\plain\f1\fs16  In Help Workshop, open the project file. Click the Windows button and then click the Position tab. Adjust the position as necessary.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0025}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid button syntax}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3016}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3016}
\b\cf2 HC3016:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Invalid syntax for authorable button: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The syntax you have used for an authorable button is invalid.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the \{\-button\'7d statement.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Correct the syntax, and then recompile. Typically the problem occurs by leaving out a comma before the macro definition. The correct syntax for an authorable button is:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 \tab \{\-button button name\b , \plain\f1\fs16 macro()\'7d\b 
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`button')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`button')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0026}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid topic ID}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3017}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3017}
\b\cf2 HC3017:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Topic ID for [\'a0] macro contains invalid characters: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 There is an invalid character in the topic ID.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the rest of the macro. WinHelp cannot run the macro.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Replace the invalid characters in the topic ID, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_TOPIC_ID')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_TOPIC_ID')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0027}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Missing filename in #include statement}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3018}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3018}
\b\cf2 HC3018:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: In the project file, an #include statement is specified without a filename.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 An #include line has been specified in the project file, but the line did not include a filename.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the #include line.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Either delete the line or add a correct filename to the statement, and then recompile. 
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`HPJ_Overview')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`HPJ_Overview')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0028}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Bad macro syntax}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3019}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3019}
\b\cf2 HC3019:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Missing quotation mark or parenthesis in the macro [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 There is an unmatched quotation mark or parenthesis.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the rest of the macro. WinHelp cannot run the macro.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Add the missing quotation or right parenthesis to the macro definition in the topic file. Help Workshop will usually supply the quotes for you \plain\f0\fs16 \'97\f1  deleting all the quotes in the macro can be an effective method for fixing this problem.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`syntax_more')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`syntax_more')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0029}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} No bitmap found}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3021}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3021}
\b\cf2 HC3021:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Cannot find the bitmap [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop is unable to find the bitmap you have specified.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop creates a temporary bitmap containing the filename of the missing bitmap.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 If the bitmap name is valid, add the folder it is contained in to the list of bitmap folders (click the Bitmaps button in Help Workshop).
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BMROOT;ROOT')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BMROOT;ROOT')}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Duplicate bitmap}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3022}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3022}
\b\cf2 HC3022:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The bitmap [\'a0] has already been used as a non-transparent bitmap.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A bitmap cannot be transparent in one instance and non-transparent in another.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The bitmap will always be displayed as non-transparent.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Change either bitmap command so that they are both transparent or both non-transparent. Alternatively, you can create a new file for a bitmap.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`bmx;BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`bmx;BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:002a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Duplicate transparent bitmap}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3023}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3023}
\b\cf2 HC3023:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The bitmap [\'a0] has already been used as a transparent bitmap.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A bitmap cannot be transparent in one instance and non-transparent in another.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The bitmap will always be displayed as transparent.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Change either bitmap command so that they are both transparent or both non-transparent. Alternatively, you can create a new file for a bitmap.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS;bmx')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS;bmx')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:002b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Window name too long}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3024}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3024}
\b\cf2 HC3024:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The window name [\'a0] contains more than eight characters and has been truncated to [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The window name is too long.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop truncates the name to 8 characters. If this results in a duplicate window name, you will get another warning message.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Run Help Workshop and open the project file. You will be prompted for a correction to the window name. Make the correction, and then recompile the project file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:002c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Undefined jump}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3025}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3025}
\b\cf2 HC3025:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Jump to undefined topic ID: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 No topic has been defined with the topic ID specified in the hotspot.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp displays the "Topic not found" error message when the user chooses a hotspot with the unresolved topic ID.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Check for spelling errors in the hotspot topic ID.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_INSERTING_JUMPS;BAS_INSERTING_POPUP')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_INSERTING_JUMPS;BAS_INSERTING_POPUP')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:002d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Duplicate topic ID}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3026}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3026}
\b\cf2 HC3026:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The topic ID [\'a0] has already been defined in topic [\'a0] in file [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Another topic exists with an identical topic ID.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the duplicate topic ID, so the duplicate topic has no identifier.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Change the duplicate topic ID so that it is unique, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_TOPIC_ID')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_TOPIC_ID')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:002e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Missing equal sign in alias}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3027}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3027}
\b\cf2 HC3027:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The following alias line does not contain an '=' character separating the topic IDs: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 An invalid line has been entered in the [ALIAS] section of the project file.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the alias.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Run Help Workshop and open the project file. You will be prompted for a correction to the specified alias line. Make the correction and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`ALIAS;PRO_HPJ_ADD_ALIAS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`ALIAS;PRO_HPJ_ADD_ALIAS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:002f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Bitmap corrupted}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3028}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3028}
\b\cf2 HC3028:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The bitmap file [\'a0] is corrupted.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Either the file is corrupt, or it has not been saved as an uncompressed bitmap (.bmp) file. 
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores this bitmap, and WinHelp displays the \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 Unable to display picture\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  message in the topic instead of the bitmap.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Replace the bitmap file with one that is not corrupt, or remove the bitmap reference in the topic file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0030}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Unknown bitmap}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3029}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3029}
\b\cf2 HC3029:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The file format of the bitmap file [\'a0] is unrecognized or unsupported.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Either the file is corrupt, or it has not been saved as an uncompressed bitmap (.bmp) file.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores this bitmap, and WinHelp displays the \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 Unable to display picture\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  message in the topic instead of the bitmap.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Convert the bitmap to a supported format, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0031}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Compressed bitmap unsupported}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3031}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3031}
\b\cf2 HC3031:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Help Workshop does not support compressed BMP files: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The bitmap was saved with RLE compression.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores this bitmap, and WinHelp displays the \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 Unable to display picture\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  message in the topic instead of the bitmap.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Save the bitmap without compression.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0032}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Bitmap truncated}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3032}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3032}
\b\cf2 HC3032:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The bitmap file [\'a0] is truncated.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The size of the bitmap does not match the size of the file. The bitmap file is corrupt.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores this bitmap, and WinHelp displays the \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 Unable to display picture\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  message in the topic instead of the bitmap.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Resave or recreate the specified bitmap file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`bmx;BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`bmx;BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0033}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid topic ID}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3033}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3033}
\b\cf2 HC3033:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The topic ID [\'a0] contains invalid characters.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 There is an invalid character in the topic ID footnote.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop does not assign an identifier to the topic.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 In the topic file, change the characters in the topic ID so that it is valid, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_TOPIC_ID')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_TOPIC_ID')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0034}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid TCard macro parameter}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3034}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3034}
\b\cf2 HC3034:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Invalid parameter for TCard macro: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The parameter specified for the TCard macro is invalid.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the macro, and WinHelp returns an error when it tries to run the macro.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Correct the invalid TCard macro definition in the topic file, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`TCard;syntax_more')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`TCard;syntax_more')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0035}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Missing map value}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3035}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3035}
\b\cf2 HC3035:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Map entry does not specify a numeric value: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop expected a numeric value, and encountered text instead.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the entry.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Change the entry to a numeric value.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MAP;PRO_HPJ_ADD_MAP')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MAP;PRO_HPJ_ADD_MAP')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0036}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Duplicate map value}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3037}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3037}
\b\cf2 HC3037:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The map value for [\'a0] is the same as the map value for [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A context number in the [MAP] section of the project (.hpj) file was previously mapped to a different topic ID.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the line with the duplicate context number.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Verify that all context numbers in the project file are unique. Remove or reassign any duplicate context numbers, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MAP;PRO_HPJ_ADD_MAP')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MAP;PRO_HPJ_ADD_MAP')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0037}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Topic IDs not in [MAP] section}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3038}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3038}
\b\cf2 HC3038:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The following topic IDs were not defined in the [MAP] section of the project file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop cannot find the specified topic IDs listed in the [MAP] section of the project (.hpj) file.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the lines in the project file. If the program uses that number in the WinHelp function, WinHelp displays the "Help topic not found" error message.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Verify that all topic IDs listed in the [MAP] section of the project file are assigned to topics included in the build and that the topic IDs are spelled correctly. Then recompile the project file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MAP;PRO_HPJ_ADD_MAP')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MAP;PRO_HPJ_ADD_MAP')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0038}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Phrase file too big}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3041}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3041}
\b\cf2 HC3041:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The phrase file [\'a0] exceeds 64K. Phrase compression turned off.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The phrase file is invalid and cannot be used.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop cannot perform phrase compression on the Help file.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Delete the phrase file, and then recompile. If the problem still occurs, switch to Hall or Maximum compression.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`COMPRESS;BAS_COMPRESSION')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`COMPRESS;BAS_COMPRESSION')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0039}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Copyright string too long}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3042}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3042}
\b\cf2 HC3042:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The copyright string exceeds 255 characters. It has been truncated to the following: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The copyright string is too long.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop truncates the copyright string at 255 characters.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 In Help Workshop, edit the text in the Copyright information box on the General tab in the Options dialog box, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`COPYRIGHT;PRO_HPJ_COPYRIGHT_INFO')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`COPYRIGHT;PRO_HPJ_COPYRIGHT_INFO')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:003a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Title string too long}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3043}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3043}
\b\cf2 HC3043:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The title string exceeds 127 characters. It has been truncated to the following: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The title string is too long.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop truncates the title string.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 In Help Workshop, edit the text in the Help Title box on the General tab in the Options dialog box, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`TITLE;PRO_HPJ_TITLE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`TITLE;PRO_HPJ_TITLE')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:003b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Hotspot too long}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3044}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3044}
\b\cf2 HC3044:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Hotspot exceeds [\'a0] characters: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The hidden text portion of the hotspot is too large.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop does not make the selected text or graphic a hotspot.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Shorten the hotspot in the topic file, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_INSERTING_JUMP')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_INSERTING_JUMP')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:003c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Footnote too long}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3045}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3045}
\b\cf2 HC3045:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Footnote exceeds [\'a0] characters: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The footnote is too large.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the footnote.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Reduce the length of the footnote text in the topic file, and then recompile. For some footnotes, such as the K-footnote, you can use several smaller footnotes instead of one larger footnote.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_TOPIC_FOOTNOTE;footnote_rtf')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_TOPIC_FOOTNOTE;footnote_rtf')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:003d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Not RTF file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3046}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3046}
\b\cf2 HC3046:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The [\'a0] file is not an RTF (Rich Text Format) file. It appears to have been saved as a Microsoft Word document.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have saved the topic file in Word format instead of RTF format.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the file.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Save the document as a Rich-Text Format file, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CREATE_TOPIC_FILE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CREATE_TOPIC_FILE')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:003e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} No bitmap filename}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3047}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3047}
\b\cf2 HC3047:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: No name was specified for the bitmap command.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The bitmap command (\{\-bmc\'7d, \{\-bml\'7d, or \{\-bmr\'7d) was specified in a topic without a bitmap filename.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the bitmap command.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 In the topic file, specify a bitmap file to include, or remove the bitmap command. Then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`bmx;BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`bmx;BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:003f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Nonscrolling region after scrolling region}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3048}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3048}
\b\cf2 HC3048:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Nonscrolling region is defined after scrolling region.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The Keep With Next attribute was applied to a paragraph after a paragraph that did not have this attribute.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the Keep With Next attribute; the paragraph is treated as plain text and is displayed as part of the topic text displayed in the scrolling region of the topic.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Set the Keep With Next attribute for the first paragraph in the topic if you want a nonscrolling region, and remove the Keep With Next attribute from following paragraphs. Then recompile the Help file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`keepn_rtf;PRO_NONSCROLL')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`keepn_rtf;PRO_NONSCROLL')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0040}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid topic ID in SHED graphic}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3049}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3049}
\b\cf2 HC3049:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Invalid topic IDs in hypergraphic: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A topic ID in the shed file contains invalid characters.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The hotspot is not active in the Help file.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Edit the hypergraphic and ensure that the topic IDs for the hotspots are valid and spelled correctly, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`SHED')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`SHED')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0041}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Missing topic ID in SHED graphic}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3050}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3050}
\b\cf2 HC3050:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Missing topic IDs in hypergraphic: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A hotspot was specified in the shed file, but no actual topic ID was specified.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The hotspot is not active in the compiled Help file.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Edit the hypergraphic and ensure that each hotspot calls a valid topic ID, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`SHED')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`SHED')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0042}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} No [WINDOWS] section}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3051}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3051}
\b\cf2 HC3051:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Cannot jump to window [\'a0]. No windows have been defined in the project file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 There is no [WINDOWS] section in the project file, so you cannot jump to any window type other than main.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The hotspot is not active in the Help file.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to define the specified secondary window, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_INSERTING_JUMP;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_INSERTING_JUMP;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0043}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Window undefined}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3052}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3052}
\b\cf2 HC3052:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The window name [\'a0] has not been defined in the project file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have attempted to display a topic in a window type that has not been defined in your project file.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The hotspot is not active in the Help file.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to define the specified secondary window, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0044}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Too many window definitions}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3053}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3053}
\b\cf2 HC3053:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The project file contains more than 255 window definitions.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have defined more than 255 window types in your project file.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the additional window definitions. If you attempt to jump to a topic in one of the window definitions beyond the first 255, you will get an error message about the window type not being defined.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Remove the extra window definitions from the project file, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0045}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid build tag}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3054}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3054}
\b\cf2 HC3054:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Build tag contains invalid characters. The following is invalid: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A build tag in the [BUILDTAGS] section contains something other than a alphanumeric character or the underscore (_) character.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the line containing invalid characters.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Edit the build tag so that it contains only valid characters. Make any necessary changes in topics containing the specified build tag, and then recompile. Alternatively, specify the build tags to include/exclude in the Build Tags tab of the Options dialog box. This form of including/excluding topics places no restrictions on the characters, length, or number of build tags, and does not use the [BUILDTAGS] section.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BUILDTAGS;BAS_INSERTING_BUILD_TAG')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BUILDTAGS;BAS_INSERTING_BUILD_TAG')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0046}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Duplicate build tag}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3055}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3055}
\b\cf2 HC3055:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The build tag [\'a0] has already been used.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The build tag in the [BUILDTAGS] section of your project file has already been declared previously in the same section.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop uses the first build tag and ignores the duplicate build tag.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Remove (or rename) the duplicate build tags in the project file, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BUILDTAGS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BUILDTAGS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0047}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Window name in macro too long}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3056}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3056}
\b\cf2 HC3056:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The window name [\'a0] in the macro [\'a0] contains more than eight characters and has been truncated to [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The window name you have specified in the macro is invalid due to its length.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the window definition in this macro.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Specify a valid window name in the macro, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`WINDOWS;syntax_more')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`WINDOWS;syntax_more')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0048}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Macro not specified}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3057}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3057}
\b\cf2 HC3057:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: A hotspot is defined with a macro (using !), but the macro is not specified.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You started a hotspot with a \plain\f0\fs16 \'91\f1 !\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1  character, but did not follow it with a macro.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the macro call from the hotspot.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Specify a valid macro in the hotspot, or remove the '!' character from the hotspot definition. Make certain that all text from the \plain\f0\fs16 \'91\f1 !\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1  to the end of the macro is marked as hidden.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_MACRO_JUMP')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_MACRO_JUMP')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0049}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Hotspot has invalid characters}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3058}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3058}
\b\cf2 HC3058:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Topic ID for hotspot contains invalid characters: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 An invalid topic ID has been used in a hotspot. 
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The hotspot is not active in the Help file.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Correct the topic ID and recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_TOPIC_ID;BAS_INSERTING_JUMP;BAS_INSERTING_POPUP')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_TOPIC_ID;BAS_INSERTING_JUMP;BAS_INSERTING_POPUP')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:004a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Hotspot without macro or topic ID}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3059}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3059}
\b\cf2 HC3059:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: A hotspot is specified without a macro or topic ID.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A hotspot was specified without specifying either a topic ID or a macro.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The hotspot is not active in the Help file.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Edit the hotspot in the topic file and ensure that the topic ID or macro for the hotspot is valid, spelled correctly, and styled as hidden text. Then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_INSERTING_JUMP;BAS_MACRO_JUMP')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_INSERTING_JUMP;BAS_MACRO_JUMP')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:004b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Jump window specified}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3060}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3060}
\b\cf2 HC3060:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Window name is specified for a pop-up jump.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have specified a window name in a pop-up hotspot.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The hotspot is not active in the Help file.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Remove the right angle bracket and secondary window name from the pop-up hotspot, or change the single underline to double underline (for a topic jump). Then recompile the project file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_INSERTING_POPUP;BAS_INSERTING_JUMP')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_INSERTING_POPUP;BAS_INSERTING_JUMP')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:004c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Equal sign missing from window definition}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3062}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3062}
\b\cf2 HC3062:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Window definition is missing an '=' character: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The window definition in the [WINDOWS] section is invalid.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the line.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to edit the window definition, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:004d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Nothing after equal sign}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3063}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3063}
\b\cf2 HC3063:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Window definition does not contain anything after the '=' character: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The window definition in the [WINDOWS] section is invalid.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the line.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to edit the window definition, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:004e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} No window name}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3064}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3064}
\b\cf2 HC3064:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Window name is not defined before the '=' character: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The window definition in the [WINDOWS] section is invalid.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the line.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to edit the window definition, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:004f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Closing quotation mark missing}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3065}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3065}
\b\cf2 HC3065:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: A closing quotation mark () is missing in window caption: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The window definition in the [WINDOWS] section is invalid.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the window definition.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to edit the window definition, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0050}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Caption too long}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3066}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3066}
\b\cf2 HC3066:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Window caption contains more than 50 characters: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The window definition in the [WINDOWS] section contains a title that is too long.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the window definition.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to edit the window definition, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0051}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Missing command value}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3067}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3067}
\b\cf2 HC3067:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The [\'a0] command in the [OPTIONS] section of the project file does not specify a value after the '=' character.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have specified an invalid command in the [OPTIONS] section of your project file.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the line.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to edit the option, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`OPTIONS;PRO_HPJ_OPTIONS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`OPTIONS;PRO_HPJ_OPTIONS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0052}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Missing equal sign}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3068}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3068}
\b\cf2 HC3068:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The following line in the [OPTIONS] section of the project file does not contain an '=' character: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have specified an invalid command in the [OPTIONS] section of your project file.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the line.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to edit the option, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`OPTIONS;PRO_HPJ_OPTIONS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`OPTIONS;PRO_HPJ_OPTIONS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0053}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Unknown option}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3069}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3069}
\b\cf2 HC3069:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The [\'a0] option in the [OPTIONS] section of the project file is not recognized.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have specified an invalid command in the [OPTIONS] section of your project file.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the line.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to edit the option, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`OPTIONS;PRO_HPJ_OPTIONS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`OPTIONS;PRO_HPJ_OPTIONS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0054}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Major browse string too big}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3070}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3070}
\b\cf2 HC3070:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: the major browse string exceeds 50 characters: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The name to the left of the colon in a browse footnote contains too many characters.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop truncates the string to 50 characters. The browse sequence may be affected.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Shorten the browse string.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_BROWSE_CODE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_BROWSE_CODE')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0055}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Browse buttons not enabled}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3071}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} new, 11/10}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3071}
\b\cf2 HC3071:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: One or more browse sequences are set, but browse buttons are not enabled in any window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have specified a browse footnote, but none of the windows defined for the Help file contains browse buttons.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The browse information is stored in the Help file (taking up space) but the information can never be accessed by the user.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Either add browse buttons or remove all browse footnotes.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_BROWSE_CODE;BrowseButtons;PRO_HPJ_ADD_BUTTON_BAR;PRO_HPJ_MAIN_BUTTON_BAR')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_BROWSE_CODE;BrowseButtons;PRO_HPJ_ADD_BUTTON_BAR;PRO_HPJ_MAIN_BUTTON_BAR')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0056}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Missing control panel name}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3072}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3072}
\b\cf2 HC3072:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The macro [\'a0] does not include a control panel name.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The macro expected a control panel name, but you didn\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 t specify one.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the ControlPanel macro.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Specify a control panel name in the topic file macro, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`ControlPanel')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`ControlPanel')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0057}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Missing section heading}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3073}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3073}
\b\cf2 HC3073:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: No section is defined for the line: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The section heading on the specified line is not complete, or the first entry in the project (.hpj) file is not a section heading.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the section heading on this line and all succeeding lines until it encounters a valid section heading.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Edit the specified section in the project file. Then recompile the project file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`HPJ_Sections')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`HPJ_Sections')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0058}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Unknown section}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3074}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3074}
\b\cf2 HC3074:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The [\'a0] section is not recognized by this version of Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Your project file contains a section that Help Workshop does not recognize.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the section heading.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Verify that the section headings in the project file are valid and spelled correctly, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`HPJ_Sections')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`HPJ_Sections')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0059}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Section too soon}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3075}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3075}
\b\cf2 HC3075:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The [\'a0] section does not follow the [OPTIONS] section in the project file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have specified a section that requires the [OPTIONS] section before you have specified the [OPTIONS] section.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop may not be able to find some files, or the files may be compiled incorrectly.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Load the project file into Help Workshop and then save it. Help Workshop will automatically save the sections in the correct order.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`HPJ_Sections')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`HPJ_Sections')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:005a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Topic ID already has alias}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3079}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3079}
\b\cf2 HC3079:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The alias string [\'a0] has already been aliased [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A topic ID can have only one alias.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores this line.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to correct the alias string mapping, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`ALIAS;PRO_HPJ_ADD_ALIAS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`ALIAS;PRO_HPJ_ADD_ALIAS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:005b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Alias string cannot be aliased}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3080}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3080}
\b\cf2 HC3080:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The string [\'a0] has already been aliased [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 An alias string cannot be assigned another alias.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores this line.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to correct the alias string mapping, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`ALIAS;PRO_HPJ_ADD_ALIAS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`ALIAS;PRO_HPJ_ADD_ALIAS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:005c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Identical alias and topic ID}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3081}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3081}
\b\cf2 HC3081:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Both alias and topic ID are identical: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The alias is the same as the\ul  \plain\f1\fs16 topic ID.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores this line.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to correct the alias string mapping, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`ALIAS;PRO_HPJ_ADD_ALIAS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`ALIAS;PRO_HPJ_ADD_ALIAS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:005d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid map number}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3082}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3082}
\b\cf2 HC3082:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The map number [\'a0] is not a valid number: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A context number in the [MAP] section of the project (.hpj) file contains invalid characters.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores this line.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to correct the mapping, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MAP;PRO_HPJ_ADD_MAP')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MAP;PRO_HPJ_ADD_MAP')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:005e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid window color syntax}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3083}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3083}
\b\cf2 HC3083:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Invalid syntax for window color: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The syntax specified for the windows color in the [WINDOWS] section of your project file is invalid.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the window definition.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to edit the window definition, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:005f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid window syntax}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3084}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3084}
\b\cf2 HC3084:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Invalid window syntax: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The syntax you have specified for the window in the [WINDOWS] section of your project file is invalid.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the invalid window definition.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to edit the window definition, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0060}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Window position out of range}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3086}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3086}
\b\cf2 HC3086:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Window position is out of range: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 One or more of the window position coordinates exceed the limit of 1024.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the invalid window definition.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to edit the window definition, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`WINDOWS;PRO_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_HPJ_CUSTOMIZE_WINDOW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0061}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Filename too long}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3087}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3087}
\b\cf2 HC3087:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The following filename exceeds 259 characters: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have specified a filename that contains too many characters.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the specified file.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Shorten the filename. Then recompile the project file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`FILES;PRO_HPJ_RTF_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`FILES;PRO_HPJ_RTF_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0062}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Too many font ranges}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3088}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3088}
\b\cf2 HC3088:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: More than 20 font ranges are mapped.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have specified too many font ranges.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores additional font ranges.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Remove the excess ranges, and then recompile. Alternatively, remove the font ranges and instead use the font substitution in the Fonts tab of the Options dialog box in Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MAPFONTSIZE;PRO_HPJ_FONT_MAPPING')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MAPFONTSIZE;PRO_HPJ_FONT_MAPPING')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0063}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid font range}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3089}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3089}
\b\cf2 HC3089:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Invalid font range: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The font range is invalid.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the option.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Edit the font range, and then recompile. Alternatively, remove the font ranges and instead use the font substitution in the Fonts tab of the Options dialog box in Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MAPFONTSIZE;PRO_HPJ_FONT_MAPPING')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MAPFONTSIZE;PRO_HPJ_FONT_MAPPING')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0064}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Font range overlap}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3090}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3090}
\b\cf2 HC3090:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Current font range overlaps previously defined range: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Two or more font ranges overlap each other.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop uses the first range and ignores the second mapping.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Edit the font range, and then recompile. Alternatively, remove the font ranges and instead use the font substitution in the Fonts tab of the Options dialog box in Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MAPFONTSIZE;PRO_HPJ_FONT_MAPPING')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MAPFONTSIZE;PRO_HPJ_FONT_MAPPING')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0065}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Unknown font}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3091}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3091}
\b\cf2 HC3091:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Unrecognized forced font name: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have tried to force all font names to an invalid font.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the font name and uses the default MS Sans Serif font.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Change the font name in the project file to a supported font, and then recompile. Alternatively, remove the font ranges and instead use the font substitution in the Fonts tab of the Options dialog box in Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`FORCEFONT')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`FORCEFONT')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0066}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid version parameter}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3092}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3092}
\b\cf2 HC3092:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: This version of the project file is not supported by this Help compiler.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The project file was created with a more recent version of Help Workshop than you are currently using.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop may remove options or sections.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Get a more recent version of Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`VERSION')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`VERSION')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0067}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid keyword type}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3093}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3093}
\b\cf2 HC3093:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Keyword type is not a letter or number. [\'a0] is invalid.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 An invalid character has been used for the MULTIKEY option.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the attempted keyword table assignment on this line.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Edit the MULTIKEY option in the project file, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MULTIKEY')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MULTIKEY')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0068}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Too many keyword types}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3094}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3094}
\b\cf2 HC3094:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: More than three keyword types (besides 'K' and 'A') defined.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 More than three keywords have been defined using the MULTIKEY option.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the additional keyword types.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Remove the extra MULTIKEY options from the project file, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MULTIKEY')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MULTIKEY')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0069}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Multikey values reserved}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3095}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3095}
\b\cf2 HC3095:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Multikey values of 'K' or 'A' cannot be defined.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The MULTIKEY option has been used to specify either \plain\f0\fs16 \'91\f1 K\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1  or \plain\f0\fs16 \'91\f1 A\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1  as a multikey value. These characters are reserved by Help Workshop and WinHelp.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the attempted keyword table assignment on this line.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Edit the MULTIKEY option in the project file, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MULTIKEY')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MULTIKEY')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:006a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Font name too long}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3096}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3096}
\b\cf2 HC3096:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The font name [\'a0] is longer than 31 characters.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The font name is invalid because it is too long.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the option on this line.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to shorten the font name, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_FONTS;DEFFONT;MAPFONTSIZE;FORCEFONT')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_FONTS;DEFFONT;MAPFONTSIZE;FORCEFONT')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:006b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Build tag missing}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3097}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3097}
\b\cf2 HC3097:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The [BUILDTAGS] section is missing from the project file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A BUILD option was specified in the project file, but no [BUILDTAGS] section was specified.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop includes all topics in the build.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Add a build section to the project file, and then recompile. Alternatively, specify the topics to include or exclude using the Build Tags tab in the Options dialog box of Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BUILDTAGS;PRO_HPJ_BUILD_TAGS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BUILDTAGS;PRO_HPJ_BUILD_TAGS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:006c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid build tag expression}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3098}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3098}
\b\cf2 HC3098:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Invalid build tag expression.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The BUILD option specifies an invalid expression.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the line with the invalid expression.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Edit the build tags in the project file, and then recompile. Alternatively, specify the topics to include or exclude using the Build Tags tab in the Options dialog box of Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BUILD;PRO_HPJ_BUILD_TAGS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BUILD;PRO_HPJ_BUILD_TAGS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:006d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Build expression too complex}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3099}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3099}
\b\cf2 HC3099:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Build expression too complex.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The build expression in the project (.hpj) file has too many expressions or is nested too deeply.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop includes all topics in the build.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Edit the build expression in the project file, and then recompile. Alternatively, specify the topics to include or exclude using the Build Tags tab in the Options dialog box of Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BUILD;PRO_HPJ_BUILD_TAGS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BUILD;PRO_HPJ_BUILD_TAGS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:006e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Unknown build error}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3101}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3101}
\b\cf2 HC3101:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Unknown build error.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop was not able to interpret the BUILD option correctly.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop includes all topics in the build.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Edit the build expression in the project file, and then recompile. Alternatively, specify the topics to include or exclude using the Build Tags tab in the Options dialog box of Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BUILD;PRO_HPJ_BUILD_TAGS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BUILD;PRO_HPJ_BUILD_TAGS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:006f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Empty entry macro footnote}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3102}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3102}
\b\cf2 HC3102:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: No macro is specified for the entry macro footnote.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have specified an entry macro footnote, but the footnote did not contain any macros.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the entry macro footnote.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Add a macro to the entry macro footnote or remove the footnote marker. Then recompile the Help file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADD_ENTRY_MACRO')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADD_ENTRY_MACRO')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0070}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Entry macro footnote defined after topic text}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3103}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3103}
\b\cf2 HC3103:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The entry macro footnote does not precede text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The entry macro footnote was specified after text was specified for the topic.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the entry macro footnote.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Move the entry macro footnote to the beginning of the topic, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADD_ENTRY_MACRO')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADD_ENTRY_MACRO')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0071}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Missing topic ID}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3104}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3104}
\b\cf2 HC3104:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The topic ID footnote (#) does not specify a topic ID.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have a specified a topic ID footnote that does not contain any characters.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop does not assign the topic an identifier.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Add a valid topic ID to the footnote, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_TOPIC_ID')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_TOPIC_ID')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0072}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Minor browse string too long}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3105}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3105}
\b\cf2 HC3105:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The minor browse string exceeds 50 characters: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The browse string to the right of the colon is larger than 50 characters.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop truncates the string which may affect the browse sequence itself.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Shorten the browse string in the appropriate topics.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_BROWSE_CODE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_BROWSE_CODE')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0073}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Browse footnote after topic text}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3106}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3106}
\b\cf2 HC3106:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Browse footnote (+) does not appear before any text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The browse sequence footnote (+) does not precede the first paragraph of the topic.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the browse sequence footnote.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Move the browse sequence footnote so that is at the beginning of the topic, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_BROWSE_CODE;BAS_TOPIC_FOOTNOTE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_BROWSE_CODE;BAS_TOPIC_FOOTNOTE')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0074}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Duplicate browse sequence}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3107}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3107}
\b\cf2 HC3107:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: A browse sequence has already been defined for this topic.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The browse sequence footnote (+) has been specified twice in the same topic.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop uses the first browse sequence footnote and ignores the duplicate footnote.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Remove the duplicate browse sequence footnote from the topic, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_BROWSE_CODE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_BROWSE_CODE')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0075}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Title footnote after topic text}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3108}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3108}
\b\cf2 HC3108:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The title footnote ($) does not appear before any text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The title footnote  does not precede the first paragraph of the topic.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the title footnote, and the topic does not have any title.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Move the title footnote to the beginning of the topic, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADD_TITLE;BAS_TOPIC_FOOTNOTE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADD_TITLE;BAS_TOPIC_FOOTNOTE')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0076}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Empty title footnote}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3109}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3109}
\b\cf2 HC3109:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The title footnote ($) does not contain any text.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A title footnote was specified that does not contain any text.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the title footnote, and the topic does not have any title.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Add a title string next to the topic title footnote, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADD_TITLE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADD_TITLE')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0077}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Duplicate topic title}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3110}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3110}
\b\cf2 HC3110:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: A title has already been defined for this topic.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A title footnote has already been specified for the topic.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop uses the first title footnote and ignores the duplicate title footnote.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Remove the second title footnote from the topic, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADD_TITLE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADD_TITLE')}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Topic has keyword entries but no title}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3111}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3111}
\b\cf2 HC3111:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: This topic contains keywords but no title.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 One or more keywords have been specified for the topic, but a title footnote was not specified.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 If no title is specified for the topic, and the keyword appears in more than one topic (including other Help files), WinHelp will display \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 Untitled topic #n\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  in the Topics Found dialog box.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 If this is not a pop-up topic, add a title using the title footnote ($), and then recompile. If the topic will only be displayed in a pop-up window, remove the keyword footnotes.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_KEYWORDS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_KEYWORDS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0078}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Build footnote not first}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3112}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3112}
\b\cf2 HC3112:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The build footnote (*) is not the first footnote in the topic.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The build footnote does not precede all other text and footnotes in the topic.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the build tag footnote, and the topic is not assigned a build tag.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Move the build tag footnote to the very beginning of the topic, before any other footnotes, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_INSERTING_BUILD_TAG')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_INSERTING_BUILD_TAG')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0079}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Build tag too long}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3113}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3113}
\b\cf2 HC3113:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Build tag is longer than 32 characters: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The build tag is too long when used in conjunction with the BUILD option in the project file.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the build tag assigned to the topic.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Shorten the build tag to 32 or fewer characters, and then recompile. Alternatively, specify the build tags to include/exclude in the Build Tags tab of the Options dialog box. This form of including/excluding topics places no restrictions on the characters, length, or number of build tags.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_INSERTING_BUILD_TAG')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_INSERTING_BUILD_TAG')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:007a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Bitmap commands not coordinated}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3114}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3114}
\b HC3114: Warning: The bitmap [\'a0] has been used as part of another \{\-bmx\'7d command.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Two \{\-bmx\'7d commands that specify bitmaps for multiple color depths have a bitmap in common but are otherwise different or in a different order. 
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp will treat the shared bitmap files as separate files, and this effectively doubles the space required for each of the specified bitmaps.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Make sure that bitmap commands that are intended to be identical include the same bitmaps in the same order.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_MULT_COLOR_GRAPHICS;bmx')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_MULT_COLOR_GRAPHICS;bmx')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:007b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Too many columns in table}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3116}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3116}
\b\cf2 HC3116:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Table has more than [\'a0] columns.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The table has more columns than WinHelp is able to display.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop treats the additional columns as one table cell.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Reduce the number of table columns, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`overview')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`overview')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:007c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Side-by-side paragraphs not supported}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3117}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3117}
\b\cf2 HC3117:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Side-by-side paragraphs are not supported.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Side-by-side paragraph formatting has been used.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the side-by-side paragraph formatting.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Convert the side-by-side paragraphs to a table or a tabbed paragraph, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`RTF_OVERVIEW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`RTF_OVERVIEW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:007d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Unknown graphics format}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3118}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3118}
\b\cf2 HC3118:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Unrecognized RTF (Rich Text Format) graphics format.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 An embedded bitmap contains a format that Help Workshop does not recognize. Help Workshop supports only Windows bitmaps (.bmp), Windows device-independent bitmaps (.dib), and Windows metafiles (.wmf)
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the specified graphic.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Convert the graphic to a supported format, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:007e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Hash conflict}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3119}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3119}
\b\cf2 HC3119:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Hash conflict between [\'a0] and [\'a0]. One of these topic IDs must be changed.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The hash algorithm used by Help Workshop to convert a topic ID into an internal number that WinHelp uses, has generated the same hash value for both of the listed topic IDs.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp displays the topic with the first topic ID whenever the user chooses a hotspot containing either topic ID.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Change one of the specified topic IDs, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_TOPIC_ID')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_TOPIC_ID')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:007f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Unknown language}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3120}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3120}
\b\cf2 HC3120:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The LANGUAGE option [\'a0] is not supported.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The LANGUAGE option has been specified. This option is no longer supported.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop uses the default English (U.S.) sorting order.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Open the project file in Help Workshop, click the Options button, click the Sort tab, and then specify the language of the Help file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`LANGUAGE;LCID;PRO_HPJ_SORT_SETTINGS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`LANGUAGE;LCID;PRO_HPJ_SORT_SETTINGS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0080}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid version of FTSRCH.DLL}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3121}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3121}
\b\cf2 HC3121:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Invalid version of Ftsrch.dll.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The version of Ftsrch.dll on your system is invalid.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Neither Hall nor Maximum compression can be used and no index file is created for full text search.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Reinstall Ftsrch.dll from your Windows\'a095 or Windows\'a0NT installation disks, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_FULLTEXT_INDEX')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_FULLTEXT_INDEX')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0081}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid REPLACE option}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3123}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3123}
\b\cf2 HC3123:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Missing '=' character in REPLACE option:\plain\f1\fs16  \b [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The syntax for the REPLACE option is invalid.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the entire option.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Open the project file in Help Workshop, click the Options button, click the Files tab, and then enter the path in the Substitute Path Prefix box.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`REPLACE;PRO_HPJ_REPLACE_PATH')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`REPLACE;PRO_HPJ_REPLACE_PATH')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0082}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid TMP folder}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3124}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3124}
\b\cf2 HC3124:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The TMP folder [\'a0] is invalid.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The folder name is invalid.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop uses the default folder for temporary files.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Open the project file with Help Workshop, click the Options button, click the Files tab, and then click the Browse button beside the TMP folder box. Use the Browse dialog box to locate the correct folder.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`TMPDIR;PRO_HPJ_TMP_DIR')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`TMPDIR;PRO_HPJ_TMP_DIR')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0083}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Window footnote too early}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC3126}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC3126}
\b\cf2 HC3126\plain\f1\b\fs16 : Warning: The window (>) footnote does not appear after the topic ID (#) footnote.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The window footnote was placed before the topic ID footnote.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the window footnote.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Reposition the window footnote after the topic ID footnote, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADD_WINDOW_TYPE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADD_WINDOW_TYPE')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0084}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Cannot find or load FTSRCH.DLL}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC4001}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC4001}
\b\cf2 HC4001:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Cannot find or load Ftsrch.dll.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop cannot find the Ftsrch.dll file.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Neither Maximum nor Hall compression can be used and no index file is created for full text search.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Reinstall Ftsrch.dll from your Windows\'a095 or Windows\'a0NT installation disks, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_FULLTEXT_INDEX')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_FULLTEXT_INDEX')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0085}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid RTF file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC4002}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC4002}
\b\cf2 HC4002:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The RTF file [\'a0] is corrupted at offset [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop encountered an error while processing the topic (.rtf) file. This problem can occur when the number of opening and closing braces don\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 t match, when the end of the file is reached before all columns of a table have been specified, or when the number specified for an RTF token is invalid.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the rest of the topic file.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Open the file and save it again as Rich Text Format (RTF), and then recompile. If the problem persists, look for errors in the topic file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CREATE_TOPIC_FILE;RTF_OVERVIEW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CREATE_TOPIC_FILE;RTF_OVERVIEW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0086}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Cannot read file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC4003}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC4003}
\b\cf2 HC4003:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: An error occurred attempting to read the file [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop can not read the specified file. Another program may have locked the file, or if the file is on a network, the network may be down.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the file.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Check file and its path. Correct errors, and then recompile.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0087}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Not an RTF file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC4004}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC4004}
\b\cf2 HC4004:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: File is not an RTF (Rich Text Format) file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The specified file has not been saved as an RTF file.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignores the file.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Resave the file as RTF, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CREATE_TOPIC_FILE;RTF_OVERVIEW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CREATE_TOPIC_FILE;RTF_OVERVIEW')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0088}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Help file not created}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC4005}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC4005}
\b\cf2 HC4005:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The [\'a0] Help file has not been created.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Either there are no topics to compile, or the build expression is incorrect for all topics.
\par \b Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop reached the end of all topic files without encountering any text.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop does not create a Help file.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Confirm that you have specified at least one topic file that contains text. If all topic contain build tags, you must specify at least one build tag to include (use the Build Tags tab in the Options dialog box of Help Workshop).
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_SPECIFY_BUILD')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_SPECIFY_BUILD')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0089}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Folder does not exist}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC4006}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC4006}
\b\cf2 HC4006:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The folder [\'a0] specified for the [\'a0] option does not exist.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A nonexistent folder has been specified. Either the folder name was specified incorrectly, or it points to a network location that does not (currently) exist.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop uses the current working folder.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to correct the folder name for the specified option, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`OPTIONS;BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`OPTIONS;BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:008a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} The option is not valid}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HV4007}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC4007}
\b\cf2 HC4007:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The [\'a0] option [\'a0] is not a valid value.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The value specified for the option is invalid.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop ignored the option.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Load the project file into Help Workshop and then resave it. Help Workshop will correct the error (usually by prompting you first).
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;OPTIONS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;OPTIONS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:008b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Cannot find FTSRCH.DLL}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC4008}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC4008}
\b\cf2 HC4008:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Cannot find or load Ftsrch.dll. Hall compression turned off.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop either cannot find the Ftsrch.dll file, or it is out of date or corrupted.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Neither Maximum nor Hall compression can be used and no index file is created for full text search.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Reinstall Ftsrch.dll from Windows\'a095 or Windows\'a0NT installation disks, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_FULLTEXT_INDEX;BAS_COMPRESSION')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_FULLTEXT_INDEX;BAS_COMPRESSION')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:008c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Specified default topic ID does not exist}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC4009}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC4009}
\b\cf2 HC4009:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The topic ID specified in the project file as the default topic does not exist.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have specified a default topic ID in the project file, but none of your topics contains that topic ID.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop uses the first topic in the build as the default topic.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Verify that the topic ID exists in the desired topic and that it is spelled correctly, and that the topic file is included in the [FILES] section of the project file, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`CONTENTS_hpj;BAS_ADDING_TOPIC_ID')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`CONTENTS_hpj;BAS_ADDING_TOPIC_ID')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:008d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Too many opening braces}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC4010}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC4010}
\b\cf2 HC4010:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: There are more opening braces than closing braces.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 When Help Workshop reached the end of the file, the number of opening and closing braces did not match.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file may be corrupt.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Load and resave the topic (.rtf) file, and then recompile. If the problem persists, you will need to edit the topic file directly.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:008e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Too many opening braces}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC4011}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC4011}
\b\cf2 HC4011:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: There are 20 opening braces without intervening closing braces.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 More opening braces without matching closing braces have been encountered than should ever occur in a normal topic (.rtf) file.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The rest of the file is ignored.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Load and resave the topic file, and then recompile. If the problem persists, you will need to edit the topic file directly.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:008f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Full-text search index not created}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC4012}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC4012}
\b\cf2 HC4012:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: The full-text search index cannot be created because neither Phrase nor Hall compression has been selected.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 In order to create a full-text search index, you must compile with either Maximum or Hall compression.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop is unable to generate an full-text search (.fts) index file.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Open the project file in Help Workshop, click the Options button, click the Compression tab, and check the Maximum radio button. Save the project file and recompile.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0090}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Specified default font is not declared}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC4013}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC4013}
\b\cf2 HC4013:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: Invalid default font number in [\'a0]. Using [\'a0] as the default font.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The RTF token \'5cdeff specifies as a default font a font number that is not defined in the \'5cfonttbl section.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop will ignore the specification and use the first font declared in the \'5cfonttbl section as the default font.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 In the topic (.rtf) file change the number after the \'5cdeff token to specify a font declared in the\b  \plain\f1\fs16 \'5cfonttbl section. Then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`RTF1')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`RTF1')}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Text after closing brace in RTF file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC4014}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC4014}
\b\cf2 HC4014:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Warning: There is text after the closing brace in the RTF file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop encountered the closing brace that should signify the end of the topic (.rtf) file, and then encountered additional text.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop adds the text to the Help file, but the text cannot be accessed.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 In the raw topic file, move or delete the text after the closing brace, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CREATE_TOPIC_FILE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CREATE_TOPIC_FILE')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0091}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File name is too long}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC5000}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC5000}
\b\cf2 HC5000:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: The filename [\'a0] is too long.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The specified filename is too long.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use Help Workshop to shorten the path, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0092}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Folder has same name as Help file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC5001}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC5001}
\b\cf2 HC5001:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: File is a folder, not a file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have specified a filename, but the name specified is actually a folder.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Move or rename the folder or the file, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} CreateButton macro has too many characters}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC5002}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC5002}
\b\cf2 HC5002:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: The text for the button in the CreateButton macro is too long.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You have specified more than 96 characters in the CreateButton macro.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Reduce to 96 or less the number of characters in the CreateButton macro, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_AUTH_BTN;CreateButton')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_AUTH_BTN;CreateButton')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0093}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Cannot open file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC5003}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC5003}
\b\cf2 HC5003:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: Permission to open the file [\'a0] is denied. Another program has probably locked the file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You do not have the required file privileges to open the requested file. This can happen if the file has been opened by another program. For example, if WinHelp has the Help file open, Help Workshop is not be able to write to that Help file.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 If the file has been loaded in another program, switch to that program and either close the file or close the program. If you are trying to write a file to a networked drive, make certain you have write permission on that server.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0094}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File not found}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC5005}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC5005}
\b\cf2 HC5005:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: The file [\'a0] cannot be found.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The specified file cannot be located.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Verify that you have specified the correct filename and that the file exists in the correct folder. Then recompile the project file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0095}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid RTF tokens for table}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC5006}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC5006}
\b\cf2 HC5006:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: Invalid RTF tokens for a table.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A \'5crow command appeared before a \'5ccell command in the topic (.rtf) file.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Change the order of commands in the topic file, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`RTF1')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`RTF1')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0096}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid use of WinHelp menu}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC5007}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC5007}
\b\cf2 HC5007:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Invalid use of the WinHelp menu [\'a0] in the [\'a0] macro..
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem:\plain\f1\fs16  You have attempted to use a standard WinHelp menu ID.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use a menu ID created with a call to the ExtInsertItem, ExtInsertMenu, or InsertMenu macros.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`syntax_more;AddAccelerator;RemoveAccelerator')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`syntax_more;AddAccelerator;RemoveAccelerator')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0097}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Missing comma}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC5009}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC5009}
\b\cf2 HC5009:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: [\'a0] does not contain a comma separating the parameters in the macro [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem:\plain\f1\fs16  Either a parameter has been left out of the macro or parameters are not separated with a comma.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Add the missing comma or parameter to the macro in the topic file, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`syntax_more')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`syntax_more')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0098}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid macro parameter}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC5010}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC5010}
\b\cf2 HC5010:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: [\'a0] is an invalid parameter for the macro [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 You cannot use a standard WinHelp menu as a parameter for this macro.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Use the name of your own custom menu.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`syntax_more')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`syntax_more')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:0099}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Cannot open file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC5011}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC5011}
\b\cf2 HC5011:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: Cannot open the file [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The file cannot be opened. This can occur when another program has the file locked, or the file is on a network and the network is down.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 If another program has the file open, close the file. In some cases, it may be necessary to close the program.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:009a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Too many nested #include files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC5012}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC5012}
\b\cf2 HC5012:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: Too many nested #include files. Cannot include the file [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 A file specified in a #include statement can contain an included file which can in turn contain an included file, up to five levels. This limit has been exceeded.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Merge the contents of the deepest #include file into its parent, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:009b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid DBCS escape sequence}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC5103}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC5103}
\b\cf2 HC5013:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: Invalid DBCS escape sequence: [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The DBCS character is invalid.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 If this is not a DBCS topic file, change the language of the Help file. Otherwise you will need to use a different word that does not use this DBCS character.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`DBCS;PRO_HPJ_DBCS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`DBCS;PRO_HPJ_DBCS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:009c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Out of memory}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC6000}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC6000}
\b\cf2 HC6000:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: Help Workshop is out of memory. If you have any other programs running, close them and try compiling again.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 There is insufficient memory and swap file space.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 If you are running Windows 95, increase the amount of hard disk space available on the drive Windows is installed on. Otherwise, increase the size of your permanent swap file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:009d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Out of disk space writing to TMP file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC6001}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC6001}
\b\cf2 HC6001:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: Out of disk space writing to the temporary file [\'a0]. Free up disk space on this drive or change your TMP environment variable.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 There is insufficient space on the drive where Help Workshop is creating temporary files.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Either free space on the specified drive, or tell Help Workshop to create temporary files on a different drive (or network connection).
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:009e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Read failure}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC6002}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC6002}
\b\cf2 HC6002:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: An error occurred while reading the file [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop was not able to read the file. The file may be corrupt.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Confirm that the file is valid, replacing  if not. If the file appears to be valid, run scandisk to verify that your hard disk does not have problems.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:009f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Out of file handles}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC6003}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC6003}
\b\cf2 HC6003:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: Out of file handles. Increase the FILES= line in CONFIG.SYS.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 There are not enough file handles available.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 If possible, increase the FILES setting in the CONFIG.SYS file on your computer to FILES=50 or greater. Reboot your computer, then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:00a0}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Write protected}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC6004}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC6004}
\b\cf2 HC6004:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: The file [\'a0] is a read-only file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop cannot write to the specified file.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Change the file's read-only attribute if you want Help Workshop to overwrite the file. Otherwise, rename the file and try again to compile the project file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER;ROOT;BMROOT')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER;ROOT;BMROOT')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:00a1}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Folder is not a file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC6005}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC6005}
\b\cf2 HC6005:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: [\'a0] is a folder, not a file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The name you have specified for a file is actually a folder.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Move or rename the folder or the Help file, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:00a2}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Invalid filename}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC6006}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC6006}
\b\cf2 HC6006:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: [\'a0] is a device name and cannot be used as a filename.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The name you have specified for a file is a device.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Change the name to a file, not a device, and then recompile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:00a3}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Cannot write to disk}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC6007}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC6007}
\b\cf2 HC6007:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: Cannot write to the file [\'a0].
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 An error occurred while Help Workshop was writing to a file.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Run scandisk to fix any problems on your hard drive. Or trying compiling on a different drive or network connection.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:00a4}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} No files defined}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC6008}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HC6008}
\b\cf2 HC6008:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: No files have been specified in the [FILES] section of the project file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The [FILES] section of your project file did not specify any files.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Open the project file using Help Workshop, click the Files button, click the Add button and enter the name of a topic file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`FILES;PRO_HPJ_RTF_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`FILES;PRO_HPJ_RTF_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE003b:00a5}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Language identifier incorrect}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HC6009}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b\cf2 HC6009:\plain\f1\b\fs16  Error: The language identifier [\'a0] is not supported in this version of Windows.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Problem: \plain\f1\fs16 The language specified for the Help file is not supported on your version of Windows. For example, you cannot compile a Japanese Help file on an English version of Windows.
\par \b Result: \plain\f1\fs16 The Help file is not created.
\par \b Solution: \plain\f1\fs16 Confirm that correct language has been specified. If the language is correct, you must compile the Help file on a version of Windows appropriate to that language.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER')}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1.DJI_V}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to specify general options in addition to options for compressing help files, sorting keywords, specifying which files to use while compiling, determining full text search functionality, specifying macros and build tags, and changing fonts. You cannot compile Help files without specifying the location of topic (.rtf) files.\plain\f0\fs16 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 118FI54}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 \f1 Click this to specify the location of topic (.rtf) files or to ignore revision marks in the topic files you compile. You cannot compile Help files without specifying the location of topic files.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8UHZOJ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to specify the type, attributes, color, and position of Help windows. You can also specify which buttons should appear at the top of Help windows and whether macros run when a Help window opens. You can compile Help files without specifying any of these options.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 43X5_V4}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to specify the location of bitmaps that you want to use in your Help files. If your Help file contains bitmaps, you may need to specify where those bitmaps are located before compiling the file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 13Z6YW7}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to map topic IDs to numeric values. Context-sensitive Help can function only if IDs are mapped. This Help topic, for example, is context-sensitive.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2EGG_IZ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this if you want to replace one set of topic IDs with an alternate set of topic IDs. You can compile Help files without specifying these options.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FKC45}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this if you want to specify menus or buttons for your Help file or register DLLs and DLL functions used as macros. You need to specify configuration settings only if you use these features in your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2IV33B}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to specify files for Help Workshop to store within the Help file\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 s internal file system. Windows Help can access data files stored in the Help file system more efficiently than it can access files stored in the Windows file system. You need to specify these settings only if you use these features in your help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 427W__W}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Saves changes to this project (.hpj) file, and then compiles it.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} K64SHX}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Displays all the settings that are currently specified for this project (.hpj) file. To change a setting, double-click it.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1E0XAGK}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the ID of the topic that WinHelp displays whenever the user initiates a jump to a topic that is unavailable. For Help files that do not have an associated contents (.cnt) file, WinHelp displays the default topic as the first topic when the user first opens the Help file and when the Contents button is clicked. If you do not specify a default topic, WinHelp uses the first topic of the first file listed in the project (.hpj) file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1.IFYPW}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type text that will appear in the title bar of the main Help window if no main window type is specified in the Windows Properties dialog box. If you leave this box blank and the contents (.cnt) file does not specify a title, the words "Windows Help" appear in the title bar of your main windows.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LQPGZK}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, Help Workshop displays messages about problems that probably will not adversely affect your Help file. Clear this box only if you are certain that the messages Help Workshop displays are not about problems that you need to correct.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 18.IWRM}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, a progress report appears while you compile a Help file. The report includes the name of each topic (.rtf) file as it is processed.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1_J2_WU}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type text that will appear when a user clicks the Help menu in a main window, and then clicks Version.
\par To include the date on which the Help file was compiled, add \b %date\plain\f1\fs16  to the end of your text.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1NHC7AE}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type text that will be appended to Help text that is copied or printed. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JNGJ95}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Does not compress Help files as they are compiled. Although Help files are larger if you choose this option, they compile more quickly. You might want to specify this option until you are ready to compile the final version of the file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FQP20.}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Uses both Hall and Zeck compression. If you use maximum compression, it takes approximately three times longer to compile your Help file than it would if you used no compression at all. You can temporarily turn off compression In the Compile a Help File dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 13AGWBA}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Enables you to choose between Hall and Zeck compression. If you choose only Zeck compression, you can also choose Phrase compression and specify whether you want to use an existing phrase (.ph) file. More Help is available for each of the items below.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 32Z776}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, Help Workshop uses Hall compression, which is more effective than Phrase compression for files that are 100 K or larger in size. If you use Hall compression, your file will compile more quickly than if you use Phrase compression--unless you use Phrase compression with an existing phrase (.ph) file, in which case Phrase compression is significantly faster. 
\par Hall compression is most effective when used with Zeck compression. However, if your Help file will ultimately be compressed by a utility before it is copied to distribution disks, the utility might achieve higher compression if you use only Hall compression.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} C88N40}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, Help Workshop uses Zeck compression, which, combined with Hall compression, is the most effective compression you can use. You can use Zeck compression without Hall compression to reduce compile time, but doing so will increase the size of your Help file.
\par If your Help file will ultimately be compressed by a utility before it is copied to distribution disks, the utility might achieve higher compression if you do not use Zeck compression on your Help files. In this case, clear this check box, and use Hall compression instead. Although this will cause the Help files on distribution disks to be smaller, the Help file on users' hard disks will be larger as a result. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} R.UD5K}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, Help Workshop uses Phrase compression, which is sometimes more effective than Hall compression for files that are 100K or smaller in size. You might also want to use Phrase compression if you want to achieve only minimal compression without significantly increasing compile time. Note, however, that compile speed is faster only if you use an existing phrase file. If your file is larger than 100 K, or you do not have an existing phrase file, use Hall compression instead.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 To reduce compile time if you have compiled this file using Phrase compression before, make sure the Use Existing Phrase (.ph) File box is checked. Do this only while you are fine-tuning your file, however. You will achieve the best results by using Phrase compression only if the Use Existing Phrase (.ph) file box is clear.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1_P3O0K}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, and you have compiled this file using Phrase compression before, Help Workshop uses the existing Phrase (.ph) file instead of generating a new one. This can significantly reduce compile time. Use this option only while you are fine-tuning your file, however. You can achieve maximum compression by using Phrase compression only if the Use Existing Phrase (.ph) file box is clear.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KIHYB9}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Help is available for each item in this group. Click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} at the top of the dialog box, and then click the specific item you want information about.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} E3FGU_}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Specifies the language of the Help file. The language is used by Help Workshop to determine how to display typographer's quotes (\plain\f0\fs16 \'93\'94\f1 ) and to determine whether topic files use DBCS characters.
\par When you compile this project (.hpj) file, the driver for the language you select must be on your computer. If it is not, you will be unable to compile this file. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .0EFYR}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this if the language you want to use is not in the list, and if you know the hexadecimal number that identifies the language
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} X_.T2P}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the hexadecimal number that identifies the language whose sorting conventions you want to use. If you do not enter a valid number, you will be unable to compile your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 22KXD67}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, Help Workshop ignores non-spacing marks. A non-spacing mark is typically an accent mark\plain\f0\fs16 \'97\f1 a character that prints over a preceding character . For example, the letter "a" can be followed by a "`", to create the character "\'e0".
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4TMP8Q}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, Help Workshop ignores symbols such as punctuation marks when determining the sort order of keywords.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 10FTNRG}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125\tx265 If this box is blank, commas or colons identify second-level index entries. To use one or more other characters, type those characters in this box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} XMQN75}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125\tx265 Provides a place for you to type the name of the Help file that will be created when you compile this project (.hpj) file. You can give the Help file a name that is different from the name of your project file, but you must use the .hlp extension for the Help file. You can also use a long filename.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} EHLYK8}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the name of a log file that will be created when you compile this project (.hpj) file. The log file contains the text that appears on your screen as a file compiles. If you do not want to generate a log file, leave this box blank.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3EKU_UW}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists the names and locations of topic (.rtf) files whose topics will be included in the compiled Help file. To add or remove topic files, click Change.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3ZTT_JG}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the name of the contents (.cnt) file. The text in this file appears on the Contents tab when the Help file is opened. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1.DMH19}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the name of the folder that will contain temporary files that are created as you compile a Help file. By default Help Workshop uses the folder that contains your topic (.rtf) files. Help Workshop does not use this temporary location unless bitmaps are missing or your compiled Help file is larger than 8 MB.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} S0ZEGV}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Specifies the path that you want Help Workshop to use instead of the path that is specified in this project (.hpj) file. If you move topic (.rtf) or bitmap (.bmp) files to a different drive or server, you can update this field instead of editing each individual path name. To specify or change the path prefix, click Edit.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} SDC1KJ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to specify or change the path that you want Help Workshop to use instead of the path that is specified in this project (.hpj) file .
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} I1VS7P}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to add topic (.rtf) files to or remove them from the list. You can also click this to change other settings for your topic files.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3PHV_XQ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125\tx8905 Click this if you are not sure of the name or location of a file or folder. You will be able to browse through folders to find the file you want.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1_8DE9K}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125\tx8905 Lists the topic (.rtf) files whose topics make up the content of your Help file. Also lists files that are included in your Help file. Included files are ASCII text files that contain lists of topic files.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} E_IDCD}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to add topic (.rtf) files to this project (.hpj) file. After you click this button, locate the topic file that you want to add, and then double-click it.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1ICXZYW}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Removes the selected topic (.rtf) file from this project (.hpj) file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KUJDMU}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to add an ASCII text file that contains a list of topic (.rtf) files. This provides an alternative to adding individual topic files in this dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1VEJ8C.}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Click this if you need to specify the location of topic (.rtf) files. Help Workshop searches for topic files in your project folder, which is the folder that contains your .hpj file. If a topic file is not in the project folder and its entry on the Topic Files list does not include a full path, or a path relative to the project folder, you must specify its location so Help Workshop can find it.\f8 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FA93XB}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 \f1 Help Workshop recognizes most DBCS languages and processes them correctly whether or not this box is checked. If your topic (.rtf) files use a double-byte character set, and the language is not Chinese, Japanese, or Korean, check this box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} XR4SWM}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, Help Workshop accepts any revision marks in your topic (.rtf) files. If unchecked, Help Workshop compiles the Help file as if no revisions were made. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DN0TNZ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the name and location of an ASCII text file that contains a list of items. Depending on the circumstances, the file can include a list of topic (.rtf) files and their location, macros, window types, mapped topic IDs, or a set of topic IDs that are aliased to an alternate set of topic IDs. Including an ASCII text file provides an alternative to adding these items individually. If you do not know the name or location of the file you want to include, click Browse.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1K8SIS5}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists the paths to your topic (.rtf) files. Help Workshop searches for topic files in your project folder, which is the folder that contains your .hpj file. If a topic file is not in the project folder and its entry on the Topic Files list does not include a full path, or a path relative to the project folder, you must specify its location here so Help Workshop can find it.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1KTY0L6}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to specify a path to your topic (.rtf) files.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1I3SPUM}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Removes the selected path from the list.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 0YGBEU}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the path prefix that is currently specified in the project (.hpj) file. The path you type is probably no longer valid, or is a path that you do not want to use anymore. For example, if you have moved topic (.rtf) or bitmap (.bmp) files to a different folder or server, you can type the old path here and the new one in the Substitute This Path Prefix box. This prevents you from having to update each individual path in your project (.hpj) file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 97AYOK}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type an updated path prefix, which replaces the prefix specified in the Current Prefix box above. For example, if you have moved topic (.rtf) or bitmap (.bmp) files to a different folder or server, you can type the new path here and the old one in the Current Prefix box. This prevents you from having to update each individual path in your project (.hpj) file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} F0H8EY}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type a short comment about the change. As it compiles, Help Workshop omits this comment, so it does not increase the size of your Help file. The comment can, however, help you track when or why you substituted a different path prefix.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3BU7_OO}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, Help Workshop generates a full-text search index for the Help file. If you create a full-text search (.fts) file for users, the Find tab in Help is populated the first time users click it. In other words, users will not have to use the Find Setup wizard to create a full-text search file, which can take quite a while for larger Help files.
\par The disadvantage to creating an full-text search file for users is that it significantly increases compile time and takes up space on the distribution disks for your product. If you are shipping your product on a CD-ROM, you can probably provide the convenience of an .FTS file at little cost to you. If you are shipping on floppy disks, the size of the full-text search file can affect the number of disks needed to ship your product.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 110A4MR}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, Help Workshop includes topics that have no titles in the full-text search index. In most cases, untitled topics are context-sensitive help or pop-ups within topics. Untitled topics might be of little use to users.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1KGS0Y7}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Enables users to search only for individual words. Although this keeps a full-text search (.fts) file's size to a minimum, it prevents users from searching for phrases, matching phrases, or similar topics.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4_EVW7}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Enables users to search for complete phrases, such as a person's first and last name. Although this makes the full-text search index more usable, it increases the size of the full-text search (.fts) file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1.9I.7U}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Enables users to see matching phrases as they type them, which can make it easier for users to find a phrase. Although this makes the full-text search index more usable, it increases the size of the full-text search (.fts) file. If your Help file is large, or a user's computer is slow, specifying this option can significantly increase the amount of time it takes for Help to search the full-text search file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5RG9_M}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Enables users to mark Help topics for later reference. Help can then search for information that is related to the information in the marked topics. 
\par This feature is most useful for searching large or multiple Help files. Although it makes the full-text search index more usable, it increases the size of the full-text search (.fts) file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3ZFV.6}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists all the keywords in the Help file that have macros associated with them. These macros run whenever a user selects the specified keywords in the Help Index. To add an entry to this list, click Add.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1XJ7C03}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to associate a keyword with a macro. The macro you associate will run whenever a user selects the specified keyword in the Help Index.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} NVGAOP}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Removes the selected keyword and its associated macro from the Keywords list.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1RHY_ZH}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this if you want to change the selected keyword or its associated macro.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IALA4H}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Displays the title that will appear in the Topics Found dialog box if the selected keyword leads to multiple topics. In this case, the specified macro will run when a user double-clicks the topic in the dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5198_BM}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Displays the macro or macros that are associated with the selected keyword. If you use multiple macros, separate them using a colon (\b :\plain\f1\fs16 ).
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Y1M32Q}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type or modify the keyword(s) that you want to associate with the macro(s) in the box below. You can specify multiple keywords in this box. The macros specified below will run whenever a user double-clicks any of these keywords. Separate multiple keywords with semicolons.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DPU.NL}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type or modify the macro(s) that you want to associate with the keyword(s) in the box above. You can specify multiple macros in this box. The specified macros will run whenever a user double-clicks any of the keywords specified above. Separate multiple keywords with semicolons.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1Z_VC4O}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the topic title that will appear in the Topics Found dialog box if the selected keyword leads to multiple topics. In this case, the specified macro will run when a user double-clicks the topic title in the dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1NPLMCZ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists the build tags of topics that you want to exclude when you compile your Help file. A build tag is an asterisk (*) footnote in your topic (.rtf) file that precedes all other footnotes, and it identifies a topic or topics that you want to include in or exclude from a build.
\par If a build tag footnote appears in this list and in the list of build tags to include, this list will take precedence and topics containing the footnote will be excluded from the Help file. Topics without build tag footnotes are automatically included in a Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4JB01T}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to specify the build tag footnote (*) that identifies topics you want to exclude from the compiled Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5G27CX}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Removes the selected build tag footnote from the list.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 12GK0SG}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists the build tags of topics that you want to include when you compile your Help file. A build tag is an asterisk (*) footnote in your topic (.rtf) file that precedes all other footnotes, and it identifies a topic or topics that you want to include in or exclude from a build.
\par If you want a topic with a build tag footnote to be included in a Help file, you must add the build tag to this list. Topics without build tag footnotes are automatically included in a Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 19M.6UM}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to specify the build tag footnote (*) that identifies topics you want to include in the compiled Help file. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 10IW4.Q}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Removes the selected build tag footnote from the list.\b 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 18QMBVK}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Provides a place for you to type the build tag footnote.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 14H5Z2_}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Provides a place for you to type a short comment about the build tag footnote. The comment does not increase the size of your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 43KGZP}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Lists character sets you can use instead of the one that your computer is currently using. You might want to specify a different character set if you are creating a Help file in a language other than the one that your computer is using. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IW4W4F}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Displays the font for topic titles and keywords that appear on the Contents, Index, and Find tabs, and in the Topics Found dialog box. If no font is appears in this box, WinHelp determines which font is used. To change the font, click Change.
\par Changing the font is useful if your Help file will be shipped to international markets unlocalized. For example, WinHelp is localized to use larger fonts in Far East versions, and unlocalized Help files will use the larger fonts unless you specify your own.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7RK.T4}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to change the font for topic titles and keywords that appear on the Contents, Index, and Find tabs, and in the Topics Found dialog box. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} AHV35R}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Specifies the fonts in topic (.rtf) files that you want to replace with a different font, point size, or character set. To make a substitution, click Add.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1W2D0JW}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to substitute different fonts for the fonts that are specified in your topic (.rtf) file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JUBVHY}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to remove the selected font substitution from the list.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3.IU.I}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to change the selected font substitution.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} K.50RQ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Displays the font that is currently being used for topic titles and keywords that appear on the Contents, Index, and Find tabs, and in the Topics Found dialog box. If no font appears in this box, WinHelp determines which font is used.
\par Changing the font is useful if your Help file will be shipped to international markets unlocalized. For example, WinHelp is localized to use larger fonts in Far East versions, and unlocalized Help files will use the larger fonts unless you specify your own.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6PGNE2}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Specifies the point size of the font that is currently being used for topic titles and keywords that appear on the Contents, Index, and Find tabs, and in the Topics Found dialog box. If a bitmapped default font is specified, the range of available point sizes might be limited.
\par \page
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125  {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 15MUCVW}
Lists fonts that you can replace with other fonts. To replace a font that appears in your Help file, click it, and then select the font you want to replace it with in the Replacement Font area.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FIE3G5}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists character sets that you can replace with other character sets. To replace a character set that is used in your Help file, click it, and then select the character set you want replace it with in the Replacement Font area.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} EJ1YK}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to specify the point size of the font you want to replace. To change the size of a font that appears in your Help file, specify its original size here, and then specify the size you want to replace it with in the Replacement Font area.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1P9LQF7}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists fonts that you can use to replace the font that is specified in the Original Font area. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HHCBSS}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists character sets that you can use to replace the character set that is specified in the Original Font area. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FZ6WSD}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the point size that you want to use instead of the point size specified in the Original Font area.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ETV.WA}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type a short comment about the change. The comment does not increase the size of your Help file. The comment can, however, help you track when or why you substituted one font for another.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} QH1ER7}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists the secondary window types that are specified for this Help file. If you want all topics in a Help file to be displayed in this window, you can specify the window type in the contents (.cnt) file or the topic (.rtf) file. After you have added a window type, you can change its properties on the other tabs in this dialog box. To add a window type, click the General tab, and then click Add.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 16DE6UP}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to add a new secondary window type in which you can display the topics in your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1YF9E4P}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Removes the selected window type from the list.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CMYC4R}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the text that will appear in the title bar of this Help window. If you do not specify title bar text, and there is no contents (.cnt) file that specifies title bar text, nothing appears in the title bar of this Help window.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ERMQ2F}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type a short comment about the window type. For example, you might want to specify the circumstances under which this window type should be used. The comment does not increase the size of your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8GA8EV}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, the specified window remains in the foreground, even when users switch to a different window or program. This feature is especially useful for procedures because the Help topic remains visible while the user carries out a task.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2MWFSUF}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, the height of the specified window changes automatically to accommodate the amount of text in it. The main Help window cannot be automatically sized. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 251HIGF}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, the specified window covers a user's entire screen. This box and the Auto-Size Height box cannot be checked at the same time.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1N1_KKY}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, the size of the specified window is based on a 1024 x 1024 screen resolution. WinHelp automatically adjusts the window's size and position so it retains its relative size, regardless of the resolution of the user's screen. Lines of text will wrap differently, depending on a user's screen resolution.
\par If this box is clear, the exact coordinates specified below are used, regardless of a user's screen resolution. In this case, a window that seems reasonably sized on a high-resolution monitor will appear much larger on a low-resolution monitor. Lines of text wrap in the same place, regardless of a user's screen resolution. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} YY38YN}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to display a sample window that you can position and size by dragging the window's borders. When you are finished, the Left, Top, Width, and Height boxes are automatically filled in, based on the size and position of the sample window.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FO089U}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Cancels customized size and position settings and allows WinHelp to determine the size and position of the window.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 41QHR9U}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If the Adjust For User's Screen Resolution box is checked, these values determine the size and position of the specified window based on a 1024 x 1024 screen resolution. WinHelp automatically adjusts the window's size and position so it retains its relative size, regardless of the resolution of the user's screen. Lines of text will wrap differently, depending on a user's screen resolution.
\par If the Adjust For User's Screen Resolution box is clear, the coordinates specified here are used regardless of a user's screen resolution. In this case, a window that occupies half the screen of a low-resolution monitor will occupy much less space on a high-resolution monitor. Lines of text will wrap in the same place, regardless of a user's screen resolution.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FXTWAH}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, a Contents button appears on the button bar in the specified window. If a contents (.cnt) file is present, the Contents button displays the Contents tab in the Help Topics dialog box. If a contents file is not present, the Contents button displays either the default topic or the first topic in the first file that is listed in your project (.hpj) file. You can specify a default topic and the order of files in the Options dialog box. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 13_HB_O}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, a Print button appears on the button bar in the specified window. The Print button prints the current topic.
\par \page
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TRH4WK}
If this box is checked, an Index button appears on the button bar in the specified window. The Index button displays the Index tab in the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} P_VZR0}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, a Back button appears on the button bar in the specified window. The Back button displays the previously viewed topic in the current window.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 34O8EN}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, a Find button appears on the button bar in the specified window. The Find button displays the Find tab in the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 34V4F4}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, an Options button appears on the button bar in the specified window. The Options button displays a menu containing the following commands: Annotate, Copy, Print Topic, Font, Keep Help On Top, and Use System Colors. This menu also appears when users click a topic using their right mouse button.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} V1VVWV}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, a Help Topics button appears on the button bar in the specified window. If a contents (.cnt) file is present, clicking the Help Topics button for the first time displays the Contents tab in the Help Topics dialog box. Thereafter, clicking the Help Topics button displays the tab that a user most recently worked with. 
\par If there is no contents file, the Help Topics button displays either the default topic or the first topic in the first file that is listed in your project (.hpj) file. You can specify a default topic and the order of files in the Options dialog box. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} D4V0.H}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, a pair of browse buttons appears on the button bar in the specified window. The browse buttons enable users to move from one topic to another, as specified by your browse sequence. For these buttons to work property, you must specify a plus sign (+) footnote and browse sequence information in the topics that you want to include in the browse sequence.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PJ9QYO}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Shows the background color for the nonscrolling region in the specified window. A nonscrolling region is an area that is always visible while users scroll through the information in a topic. This is especially useful for titles or other information that should always be available. To specify a nonscrolling region, apply the Keep With Next paragraph style (or its equivalent) to the paragraph(s) that you want to place in a nonscrolling region.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} C6YWRQ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Shows the background color for the specified window.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FH4K6I}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to change the background color of the specified window.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3ZAM_A}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to change the background color for the nonscrolling region in the specified window.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5708JY}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists the macros that will run when the specified window opens for the first time. WinHelp runs the macros in the order shown in this list.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2M.814M}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to add a macro that you want to run when the specified window opens for the first time.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _LXDA2}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Removes the selected macro from the list.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} U703H7}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to change the selected macro.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DL7.O8}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to add an ASCII text file that contains a list of macros. This provides an alternative to adding macros individually.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1JH..GG}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the name of the macro that you want WinHelp to run when the specified window opens for the first time.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1XVVRY7}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type a short comment about the macro. The comment does not increase the size of your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1KIVLE6}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type or modify a macro that will run when the specified window opens for the first time. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HUPZAV}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type or modify a short comment about the macro. The comment does not increase the size of your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4EMNHZ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists the folders in which Help Workshop can find the bitmap (.bmp) files that you use in your topic (.rtf) files. Help Workshop searches for bitmap files in the folder that contains your project file, in the folder that contains the topic (.rtf) file that specified the bitmap, and in all the folders specified for your topic files. If a bitmap file is not in any of these folders, you must specify the folder here so Help Workshop can find it.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} J8_J2_}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to add a folder that contains bitmap (.bmp) files to the list.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _86SJQ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Removes the selected folder from the list.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 9SMYOB}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists topic IDs that are mapped to numeric values. If you want a program to call a Help topic directly (as in the case of context-sensitive Help), you must map the topic ID to a numeric value. The program passes this value to WinHelp to display the associated topic.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} J8_TQ_}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to add a topic ID and its associated numeric value to the list.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 240WDVW}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Removes the selected topic ID and its associated numeric value from the list.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2MFC_V9}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to add an ASCII text file that contains a list of topic IDs and their associated numeric values. This provides an alternative to adding individual topic IDs and values.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1YDW4V9}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this if you want to change the selected topic ID or its associated numeric value.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1MPZ1DM}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to specify a prefix other than IDH_ for mapped topic IDs. A prefix other than IDH_ generates errors as you compile your help file \plain\f0\fs16 \'97\f1  unless you specify that prefix here.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} EX4Y1K}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the topic ID that you want to map to a numeric value. The topic ID is specified by a number sign (#) footnote in your topic (.rtf) file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HE7HMA}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the numeric value that you want to map to the topic ID above. You must map IDs to numeric values if a program calls them directly, as in the case of context-sensitive Help. The numeric value corresponds to the value that a program passes to WinHelp to display the associated topic.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LO9ITP}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type a short comment about the mapped topic ID. The comment does not increase the size of your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .E491M}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type or modify the topic ID that you want to map to a numeric value. The topic ID is specified by a number sign (#) footnote in your topic (.rtf) file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} XGVNMO}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type or modify the numeric value that you want to map to the topic ID above. You must map IDs to numeric values if a program calls them directly, as in the case of context-sensitive Help. The numeric value corresponds to the value that a program passes to WinHelp to display the associated topic.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6_AOHM}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type or modify a short comment about the mapped topic ID. The comment does not increase the size of your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 251SMH3}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists aliases, which are topic IDs that are replaced by alternate topic IDs. Topic IDs are specified by a number sign (#) footnote in your topic (.rtf) file. 
\par Aliases enable you to reassign topic IDs to other topics, without having to edit your topic (.rtf) files. They are especially useful if you have made a change that causes a mapped numeric value to refer to a topic other than the one you originally intended. An alias enables you to display the intended topic without having to change the code in the program. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 170.O_K}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to associate a topic ID with an alternate topic ID.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} O8JT.K}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Removes the selected alias from the list.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3BLLJC}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to add an ASCII text file that contains a list of alias statements. This provides an alternative to adding individual aliases in this dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 15A_0Z1}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to modify the selected alias.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5KCZXY}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the original topic ID. Although topic IDs are specified by a number sign (#) footnote in your topic (.rtf) file, the ID you type here does not need to be. If a program calls this ID, the ID you type below will appear instead.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1SCGX3}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the replacement topic ID. Whenever a program calls the topic ID above, this topic will appear instead.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} M0DURO}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type a short comment about why you substituted one topic ID for another. The comment does not increase the size of your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3ZLA97P}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type or modify the original topic ID. Although topic IDs are specified by a number sign (#) footnote in your topic (.rtf) file, the ID you type here does not need to be. If a program calls this ID, the ID you type below will appear instead.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CO7LN1}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type or modify the replacement topic ID. Whenever a program calls the topic ID above, this topic will appear instead.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ZHTP3O}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type or modify a short comment about why you substituted one topic ID for another. The comment does not increase the size of your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5GIEBM}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists the macros that apply to your entire Help file. WinHelp runs these macros whenever the Help file is opened.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 22227S5}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to add a configuration macro that will run whenever your Help file is opened.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 69LGUK}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Removes the selected configuration macro from the list.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PULQ22}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to add an ASCII text file that contains a list of configuration macros. This provides an alternative to adding individual macros in this dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4ZQ8KL}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to change the selected configuration macro.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .SI4H2}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type a macro that applies to your entire Help file. WinHelp runs this macro whenever the Help file is opened.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3LH69Q}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type a short comment about this configuration macro. The comment does not increase the size of your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1TL10JE}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type or modify a macro that applies to your entire Help file. WinHelp runs this macro whenever the Help file is opened.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} K9E0WW}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type or modify a short comment about this configuration macro. The comment does not increase the size of your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 49BF0ME}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists any data files needed by dynamic-link library (DLL) files that are used in your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BDQZ40}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to add a data file that will be stored in the Help file's internal file system.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5ZJPSV}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Removes the selected data file from the list.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} XPQ41C}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Displays the name of the default Help file. WinHelp searches the default Help file for the topic IDs listed in the contents (.cnt) file (unless the topic statement specifies another Help file). Also specifies whether all the topics in the Help file should be displayed in a secondary window. To change this setting, click Edit.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .LZ4O4}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Displays the name that will appear in the title bar of the Help Topics dialog box and Help windows if no title bar text is specified in the project (.hpj) file. To change this setting, click Edit.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8IBKV0}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to specify a default Help file, a default window type if applicable, and default title bar text.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} J97CI7}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the name of the default Help file. WinHelp searches the default Help file for the topic IDs listed in the contents (.cnt) file (unless the topic statement specifies another Help file). 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 51ZU_7B}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to specify a default secondary window type, which causes all the topics in this Help file to appear in the specified window. Specifying a default window type here is optional. If you specify a window type, it must be defined in your project (.hpj) file. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7MU5C4}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the name that will appear in the title bar of the Help Topics dialog box and Help windows if no title bar text is specified in the project (.hpj) file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 53DI39}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Displays the headings and topics that will appear on the Contents tab. If no items are listed here, click Add Above or Add Below.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1N8WT7E}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to change the topic title, topic ID, Help file, or window type for the selected entry. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} A5DHMI}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Removes the selected entry from the list.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1R9CWZ5}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to add a heading or topic above the selected entry.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BRYUOR}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to add a heading or topic below the selected entry.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2JWCCOP}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Moves the selected item to the right one level in the hierarchy.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TDKKIQ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Moves the selected item to the left one level in the hierarchy.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1Y3YRQP}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to specify the Help files whose keywords should appear on the Index tab of the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IO_2SV}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this if your Help file contains ALink and KLink macros that jump to topics in other files. The keywords for link files are not included in the combined index.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2BGWQ77}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this if you want to display custom tabs in the Help Topics dialog box. To add a custom tab, you must have a dynamic-link library (.DLL) file that was written specifically for that purpose.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MXCV3P}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Adds a heading to the contents. Headings appear as book icons and can contain other headings or topics. Users can double-click headings to view their contents.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1AS7GUS}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Adds a topic to the contents. Topics appears as page icons. Users can double-click topics to display them.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4JL7TVU}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Includes a second contents (.cnt) file in this contents file. If WinHelp finds the included contents file on a user's disk, the topics in it appear in this contents. Including contents files enables you to supply additional information later or to easily replace an existing component of your Help system.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DT40_7}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the title that will appear in the contents.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 10OIZL}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the name of the contents (.cnt) file that you want to include. If WinHelp finds this file on a user's disk, the topics in it appear in the currently selected spot in the contents.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} B6BY_B}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the ID for the topic that will appear when users double-click this title. Instead of an ID, you can also specify a macro or macros. For example, you might want to specify a macro that starts a program when users double-click this title. Separate multiple macro entries with colons. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1X7LZJU}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the name of the Help file that contains this topic. If the topic is in the default Help file, leave this field blank.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2NHAPZJ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to specify the window type that you want this topic to appear in. The window type you specify must be defined in your project (.hpj) file. If you want the topic to appear in the default window, leave this field blank.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} QJ_LFP}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists the files whose keywords will appear on the Index tab of the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1.DIUHX}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to add a Help file whose keywords you want to appear on the Index tab of the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 10I1BPK}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Removes the selected file from the list. This prevents the keywords in that file from appearing in the combined index.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1RGXB5C}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to change the Help title, filename, or comment for the selected entry.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} GXXPQE}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type a title for the Help file whose keywords you want to appear in this Help index. The title you type here will appear if users choose Custom in the Find Setup Wizard. It also appears in the Topics Found dialog box if identical topic titles in different Help files are found.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} EAEXBA}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the name of the Help file whose keywords will appear in this Help index.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 23EW.X7}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type a short comment. The comment does not increase the size of your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _M22QB}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists Help files that WinHelp will search for A- or K-keywords. If your Help file contains ALink and KLink macros that jump to topics in other files, make sure those files are listed here. The keywords in the listed files do not appear in the combined index.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} E13VZJ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to add Help files that WinHelp will search for A- or K-keywords.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 57E9_0Y}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Removes the selected file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KBJ0_A}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists the files that are included in the combined index. If a file that contains ALink and KLink references is listed here, you do not need to add it to the box above.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _M9UEJ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists the custom tabs that will appear in the Help Topics dialog box. To add a custom tab, you must have a dynamic-link library (.DLL) file that was written specifically for that purpose.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1TCSMRG}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to add a custom tab to the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} AZC87G}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Removes the selected tab from the list.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1OWTJVS}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to modify the tab name, dynamic-link library (DLL) filename, or comment for the selected tab.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TP8MX5}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type a name for the custom tab. This name will appear on the tab in the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7ISZ4S}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the name of the dynamic-link library (DLL) file that contains the executable routines for the custom tab.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 20E27VP}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type a short comment. The comment does not increase the size of your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8D.SFJ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type or modify a name for the custom tab. This name will appear on the tab in the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1ZRL8OZ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type or modify the name of the dynamic-link library (DLL) file that contains the executable routines for the custom tab.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} SFMV4O}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type or modify a short comment. The comment does not increase the size of your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5.9U04}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Specifies the project (.hpj) file that you want to compile. To display a list of recently compiled project files, click the down arrow button in this box. To specify a new file, type its path and name, or click Browse.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MQ4MB}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to locate the project (.hpj) file that you want to compile.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2MFQU2}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Begins compiling the specified project (.hpj) file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2L.B7N}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, the Help Workshop window minimizes while it compiles the specified project (.hpj) file. Minimizing the Help Workshop window reduces compile time.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3.8M0ZU}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, Help Workshop does not compress Help files as they are compiled. Although Help files are larger if you choose this option, they compile more quickly. You might want to specify this option until you are ready to compile the final version of the file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LK2AJM}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, the Help file opens immediately after it is compiled.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CFRV_U}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Specifies the Help file for which you want to create a report. To specify a file, type its path and name, or click Browse. Reports are especially useful if you want to extract information from a Help file that has already been compiled. For example, you can determine what the A- and K-keywords in a compiled Help file are, and then jump to them from your Help file. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 13U5MRQ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to locate the Help file for which you want to create a report.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} UQ6ZJ_}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type a location and name for the report file. Because the report will be an ASCII text file, you might want to give it a .txt filename extension.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3KCRZ6K}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Creates a report for the specified Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1UT.JBN}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists all the topic titles (as defined by dollar sign ($) footnotes) in the specified Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ZV9UBO}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists the title and hash number for every topic in the specified Help file. A hash number is a unique number that Help Workshop assigns to topics based on their topic IDs. It is this number, and not the topic ID itself, that WinHelp uses. If a topic doesn't contain an A-footnote or its K-footnotes are not specific enough, you can jump to the topic by using the JumpHash macro and its hash number.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2X7WYOO}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists the keywords (as defined by K-footnotes) assigned to each topic in the specified Help file. You can jump to these keywords by using the KLink macro in your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DJHY7Q}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists the keywords (as defined by A-footnotes) in the specified Help file. You can jump to these keywords by using the ALink macro in your Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3NPJWOE}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists all the text in the specified Help file from the first topic of the first topic (.rtf) file to the last.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 9SMZSI}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists the types of files that you can create by using Help Workshop.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5244_40}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Specifies the contents (.cnt) file that you want to test. To specify a file, type its path and name, or click Browse. Help Workshop checks the syntax in the specified file to make sure it is correct. It then attempts to jump to every topic in the contents file and displays a message if a jump fails.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DLDO_4}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Starts testing the specified contents (.cnt) file. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FGKF_9}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Click this to locate the contents (.cnt) file that you want to test.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1A42ZHR}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Specifies the macro(s) that you want to send to WinHelp. WinHelp will run the macros so that you can make sure they work. Separate multiple macro entries with colons.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1A3X3H2}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Specifies the Help file that you want to test the macro on. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2NJJWNC}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Sends the specified macro(s) to WinHelp.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1IW3XH}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Specifies the name and location of the Help file that you want to test.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 0ZA9H1}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Click this to locate the Help file that you want to test. To specify a file, type its path and name, or click Browse.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} OKQJMP}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Lists the API commands that you can send in the WinHelp API. You can use this feature to mimic the commands a program sends to WinHelp.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8NI.XS}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Specifies the value that you want to send in the dwData parameter of the WinHelp API.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LWE.Y8}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Initiates the API call to WinHelp.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2DRO_JX}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If a project (.hpj) file is specified above, this box lists the mapped topic IDs that are specified in that file. To view a mapped topic, click its ID, and then click View Help. If you do not want to view a mapped topic, clear this box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} RKHIWC}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked, and you display a mapped topic, you can view each subsequent topic by repeatedly clicking View Help. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1E.40YX}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Specifies the path and name of the project (.hpj) file. You need to specify this only if you want to view the mapped topics specified in the file. To specify a file, type its path and name, or click Browse next to this box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} AS1NVQ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Specifies the location and name of the Help file that you want to view.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5_9F_8R}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Opens the specified Help file, based on the settings you selected in this dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8I0J_M}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Opens the specified Help file as if it were called from the WinHelp API HELP_FINDER command.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _QVCON}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Displays the topic specified in the Mapped Topic IDs box as a pop-up.
\par \page
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 {\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4OGMHMD}
Displays the specified Help file as a training card. Training cards are a set of Help topics in secondary windows that are configured to send information to and receive it from another program.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3UI38E}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Opens the specified Help file as if it were a double-clicked file icon or as if it were invoked from an MS-DOS command prompt.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1CDSILW}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to locate the file you want to include
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2FXO1Q}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Refreshes the list of mapped topic IDs for the project (.hpj) file specified above. You should click this whenever you specify a different project file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FXFU0Y}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Enter up to 8 characters for the name of the window type. This name can be used in jumps, macros, and the window footnote.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 11EDRE4}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Procedure: This window type is normally used for displaying procedures. It is auto-sizing, contains three buttons on the button bar, and is positioned in the upper right corner of the screen.
\par Reference: This window type is normally used for displaying reference material. It is auto-sizing, contains three buttons on the button bar, and is positioned on the left side of the screen and takes up approximately two thirds of the width of the screen.
\par Error message: This window type is normally used for displaying error messages. It is auto-sizing, contains no buttons, and lets WinHelp determine the position (upper right corner of the screen unless the user changes the position).
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 42C369S}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Provides a place for you to type the prefix in your project file that you want to replace.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 328BXCT}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 If this box is checked and Help Author is enabled, two new fields appear in the Topic Information dialog box, which appears when you use your right mouse button to click a topic, and then click Topic Information. The additional fields show which topic (.rtf) file the topic is in and what the topic ID is. This feature is especially useful for testing, debugging, and editing topics \plain\f0\fs16 \'97\f1   but it does increase the size of your Help file. Therefore, make sure this box is clear when you compile your file for the last time.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 95ONKB}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Lists most of the project information for the Help file, including Windows, Configuration, and most of the Options information. You can use this information to create a project file, by saving the report with an .hpj extension, and opening it in Help Workshop as a project file. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HW.3Q8}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this for more information about the settings in this dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 19OLO8B}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 Click this to include an ASCII text file that contains a list of defined window types.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} OYZ0US}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 An ASCII text file, called a \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 project file,\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  that contains information Help Workshop uses to combine topic (.rtf) files and other elements into a Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2MZQ100}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li85\ri125 An ASCII text file, called a \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 contents file,\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  that contains information Help Workshop uses to create contents and indexing information for a Help file.
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} T.A_S1}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tips of the Day
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri355\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 Tips of the Day introduce new Help Workshop features that make it easier to create, compile, and test your Help files. Each tip provides information that will help you get the most out of Help Workshop. To turn Tips of the Day off or on, click Help, and then click Tip Of The Day. To print a Tip of the Day, use your right mouse button to click it, and then click Print Topic.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ZI0CV.}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Including and excluding topics
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri355\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You can exclude specific topics when you compile a Help file. This is useful if you want to create different versions of a help file based on specific criteria. For example, you can exclude incomplete topics or topics that are only relevant under specific circumstances. For more information, look up \plain\f0\fs16 \'93\f1 Build tags\plain\f0\fs16 \'94\f1  in Help for Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4KHKWB}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Extracting information from a Help file
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri355\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You can create jumps to topics in other Help files by determining what ALinks and KLinks were used in the file. To extract ALink and KLink information from a compiled Help file, click the File menu, and then click Report. For help on an item in the Report dialog box, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} in its title bar, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri355\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3.WHVFP}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Viewing WinHelp messages
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop provides information about almost every command a program sends to WinHelp, every macro that WinHelp runs, the topic number and title of every topic that appears, the command for every hotspot you click, and more. To view this information, click the View menu, and then click WinHelp Messages.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 179QAQJ}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Smarter compiling
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You can compile a project file without opening it. To do this, click the File menu, and then click Compile. In the dialog box, you can choose settings that make compiling faster and testing easier. For example, you can temporarily turn off compression so files compile faster or include each topic's topic ID and the name of the .rtf file the topic is in. For help on an item in the Compile A Help File dialog box, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} in its title bar, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CVTDVX}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Specifying bitmaps for different display types
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You can combine bitmaps with different color depths by specifying all the bitmaps in your topic (.rtf) file, separated by semicolons. WinHelp will choose the bitmap whose color depth most closely matches a user's display. For example:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li545\ri125\tx535 \b \{\-bmc\plain\f1\fs16  \b mono.bmp; 16.bmp; 256.bmp\'7d
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li545\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 For more information, see Help in Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-235\li545\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1FX.JL3}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Testing the jumps in your contents file
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You can determine whether the jumps in your contents (.cnt) file are correct by clicking the Test menu, and then clicking Contents File. This command tests the syntax of the specified contents file, and then tests each jump. If an error occurs, a message that contains information about the incorrect jump appears. For more information, see Help in Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} YGRC.F}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Displaying general topic information
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You can display information about each Help topic, in addition to more detailed error messages, by clicking the File menu and making sure Help Author is checked. This causes a topic number to appear in the title bar of each Help topic. It also provides two additional commands on the context menu that can help you test your files. For more information, see Help in Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} D22V}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Navigating within a Help file
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 To easily navigate within a Help file, click the File menu, and then make sure Help Author is checked. If a Help topic is open, you can move between topics by using key combinations. To move forward or backward one topic at a time, use \scaps ctrl+shift+right arrow\plain\f1\fs16  or \scaps ctrl+shift+left arrow. \plain\f1\fs16 To jump to the beginning or the end of your Help file, use \scaps ctrl+shift+home \plain\f1\fs16 or \scaps ctrl+shift+end\plain\f1\fs16 . To jump to a specific topic, use \scaps ctrl+shift+j\plain\f1\fs16 . For more information, see Help in Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 11TC01R}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Determining a topic's ID and source file
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 If the Help Author command on the File menu is checked, and you use your right mouse button to click any topic (including pop-ups), you can click Topic Information to view information about a topic. If the Include .Rtf Filename And Topic ID box in the Compile A Help File dialog box was checked when the Help file was compiled, information about the .rtf file a topic is in, in addition its topic ID also appears. For more information, see Help in Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 41J4_7F}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Jumping to specific topics
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You can jump to a specific topic in a Help file by pressing \scaps ctrl+shift+j\plain\f1\fs16  in a topic window, and then specifying a topic ID or number. You can also run any macro by typing an exclamation mark (!), and then typing the short name of the macro.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JH.N6N}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: More flexibility in assigning topic IDs
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You are no longer limited to using alphabetic and numeric characters for unmapped topic ID names. (Unmapped topic IDs identify topics that are not called from a program.) You can now use spaces, some punctuation, and extended characters in unmapped topic ID names. For more information, see Help in Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2AMEUNP}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Viewing mapped Help topics
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You can easily jump to every mapped topic ID in your project file by clicking the File menu, and then clicking Run WinHelp. After you specify Help (.hlp) and project (.hpj) filenames, and then click the Refresh button, all the mapped topic IDs appear in the Mapped Topic IDs list. You can view individual topics or view all topics in sequence. For more information, see context-sensitive Help in the View Help File dialog box.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 54JNZXE}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Adding the compile date to the Version dialog box
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You can add the date on which your Help file was compiled to WinHelp's version dialog box. To do this, open your .hpj file, and then click the Options button. In the Display This Text In The Version Dialog Box area, add the following to the end of any text that appears there:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li545\ri125\tx535 \b %date\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li545\ri125\tx535 The date will appear in English and cannot be translated. 
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} H2KH2}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Specifying a window type for individual topics
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You can specify the window type that a topic should appear in when it is displayed from the Index or Find tab. To do this, use a greater-than sign (>) footnote in your .rtf file, and then specify the window type you want the topic to appear in. For example:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li545\ri125\tx535 \b > main
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li545\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 For more information, see Help in Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5BR5WS}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Making a bitmaps background transparent
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You can make the background of a 16-color bitmap transparent by adding the letter "t" to the bitmap statement in your .rtf file, as in the following example:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li545\ri125\tx535 \b \{\-bmlt 16color.bmp\'7d\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li545\ri125\tx535 For more information, see Help in Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} A4B09Z}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Associating macros with keywords
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You can easily specify a macro that runs whenever a user chooses a particular keyword in the Help Index. To do this, open your .hpj file, and then click Options. Click the Macros tab, and then click Add. You can then specify the keyword and title that will appear on the Help Index tab and in the Topics Found dialog box. When a user double-clicks the keyword or title, WinHelp launches the macro. For help on an item in the Keyword Macros dialog box, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} in its title bar, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 55WJ_61}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Displaying pop-ups if ALinks or KLinks fail
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You can specify a pop-up topic that appears if an ALink or KLink jump fails. For example, if the destination file is unavailable, you can display information about how users can obtain or install the file. For more information, see Help in Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6XTI.R4}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Specifying the background color for pop-ups
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You can choose a background color for pop-up topics by using the SetPopupColor macro. To change all pop-up \plain\f0\fs16 \'96\f1  topic colors, open your project (.hpj) file, click Config, and then specify the SetPopupColor macro. To specify the color for an individual pop-up topic, specify the SetPopColor macro with the PopupId macro for the pop-up's hotspot. For more information, see Help in Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3L0X9VY}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Getting Help on error messages
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 If you receive an error message while you compile a file and aren't sure what it means, look up the error in Help. Help provides a description of all error messages and recommends solutions. For example, if you receive error HC1003, look up "HC1003" in the Help Index for Help Workshop. 
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 07S6ZO}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Localizing typographer's quotes
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 Help Workshop can convert the typographer's quotes (\plain\f0\fs16 \'93\'94\f1 )\plain\f0\fs16  \f1 in your .rtf file to quotation marks that are appropriate for specific languages. To localize these quotes, open your project (.hpj) file, and then click Options. Click the Sorting tab, and then specify a language. For more information, see Help in Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 002Q9Q}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Using bitmaps supplied by Help Workshop
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You can use standard bitmaps that are supplied by Help Workshop. Although these bitmaps may not be in your bitmaps directory, you can specify them in your .rtf file. For more information, see Help in Help Workshop.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5.PB_MN}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: No need for quotation marks in macros
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 As a general rule, you do not need to use quotes in macros if they appear in either your topic file or project file. Help Workshop supplies all the quotes for you and determines which type of quote to use in nested macros.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li545\ri125\tx535 Help Workshop automatically converts all macros to their shortest form. You can use the long name of a macro to add legibility to your .rtf files without affecting the size of your Help file.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6SSR.LP}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Running macros when a secondary window opens
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You can specify macros that run the first time a secondary window opens. For example, you may want to specify macros that close other secondary windows or that add buttons to the button bar. To specify a macro for a secondary window, open your project (.hpj) file, click the Windows button, and then click the Macros tab. For help on an item in the Window Properties dialog box, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} in its title bar, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 22WHJZF}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Viewing messages that programs send to WinHelp
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You can determine exactly what Topic IDs a program sends to WinHelp by clicking the View menu in Help Workshop, and then clicking WinHelp Messages. If the project file has never been opened or compiled by Help Workshop, only the mapped numeric values appear. However, if the project file has been opened or compiled at least once, the Topic ID is displayed along with its mapped numeric value.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CIZWZ8}
\pard\sl-235\ri125\tx535 \b \{bmlt bm15.bmp\}\tab Tip: Specifying whether a window should auto-size
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 \plain\f1\fs16 You can set up topic windows so that their length is automatically adjusted to accommodate the amount of text in the topic. To do this, open your project (.hpj) file in Help Workshop, click the Windows button, and then select or clear the Auto-Size Height check box. For help on an item in the Window Properties dialog box, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} in its title bar, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sl-235\li535\ri125\tx535 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00d2}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To create a jump to a topic or pop-up topic}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_INSERT_JUMP}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_INSERT_JUMP}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} % (percent sign) in jumps;@ (at sign) in jumps;> (greater-than sign);> (greater-than sign), in jumps;adding;adding, jumps to topics;at sign (@) in jumps;colors;colors, hotspots;creating;creating, hotspots;creating, jumps;double-underline;greater-than sign (>);greater-than sign (>), in jumps;hotspots;hotspots, creating;hotspots, for jumps;interfile jumps;jumps;jumps, color of;jumps, specifying window type for;jumps, to a pop-up topic;jumps, to another Help file;jumps, to another topic;linking multiple Help files;percent sign (%) in jumps;pop-up windows;pop-up windows, creating jumps to;single-underline;topics,;topics, adding hotspots to;underline character style for hotspots}
\b To create a jump to a topic or pop-up topic
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab Place the insertion point directly after the text or bitmap that you want to be the \ul hotspot,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7BM6.K} and then type the topic ID of the topic you want to jump to. Do not put a space between the hotspot and the topic ID.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Select the hotspot and then:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li455\ri125\fi-155\tx455 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Apply the double-underline character style if you want another topic to be displayed.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Apply the single-underline character style if you want a \ul pop-up topic,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v QAWJFN} to be displayed.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 3\tab Select the topic ID, and then apply the hidden character style.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Example
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li455\ri125\fi-155\tx455 \plain\f1\fs16 \{bmct bm16.bmp\}
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx455 \b Tips
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab If the hotspot text ends in a punctuation mark, include the mark when you apply the double-underline character style. Otherwise, a line break could cause the mark to appear at the beginning of a line.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab To display the hotspot in the default text color (nongreen), insert an asterisk (*) at the beginning of the topic ID.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li455\ri125\fi-155\tx455 \{bmct bm17.bmp\}
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab To display the hotspot in the default text color (nongreen), without an underline, insert a percent sign (%) at the beginning of the topic ID.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li455\ri125\fi-155\tx455 \{bmct bm18.bmp\}
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab To create a jump to a topic in another Help file, insert an at sign (@) and the name of the other Help file at the end of the topic ID.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li455\ri125\fi-155\tx455 \{bmct bm19.bmp\}
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab To specify a window type for the topic you jump to, insert a greater than sign (>) and the window name at the end of the topic ID.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li455\ri125\fi-155\tx455 \{bmct bm20.bmp\}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00d3}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To add a hotspot that runs a macro}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_INSERT_MACRO}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_INSERT_MACRO}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ! (exclamation point);! (exclamation point), in macro hotspots;adding;adding, macros in topics;creating;creating, hotspots;exclamation point (!);exclamation point (!), in macro hotspots;hotspots;hotspots, creating;hotspots, for macros;macros,;macros, adding hotspots for;macros, running from a hotspot;running macros;topics,;topics, adding hotspots for macros}
\b To add a hotspot that runs a macro
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab Place the insertion point directly after the text or bitmap reference that you want to be the \ul hotspot,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7BM6.K} and then type an exclamation point (!). Do not leave a space between the exclamation point and the hotspot.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Type the macro command. Multiple macros can be specified by separating them with a colon (:) or semicolon(;).
\par 3\tab Select the hotspot, and then apply the double-underline character style.
\par 4\tab Select the exclamation point and the macro command, and then apply the hidden character style.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Examples
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 \{bmct bm21.bmp\}
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{bmct bm22.bmp\}
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR;BAS_ASSOCIATIVE_JUMPS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR;BAS_ASSOCIATIVE_JUMPS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00d4}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To create a bitmap that contains multiple hotspots}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_MULT_HTSPT_GRPHC}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_MULT_HTSPT_GRPHC}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adding;adding, hotspots to bitmaps;bitmaps;bitmaps, creating multiple hotspots in;creating;creating, multiple-hotspot bitmaps;graphics;graphics, creating multiple hotspots in;Hotspot Editor;Hotspot Editor, creating multiple-hotspot bitmaps;hotspots;hotspots, creating;hotspots, in graphics;jumps;jumps, in graphics;multiple-hotspot bitmaps}
\b To create a bitmap that contains multiple hotspots
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Click here  \uldb \{bmct bm3.bmp\}{\v !EF(`shed.exe',`',1)}\plain\f1\fs16   to start Hotspot Editor.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 For information about how to create a bitmap that contains multiple hotspots, click the Help menu in Hotspot Editor.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00d5}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To add a bitmap to a topic}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_ADD_PICTURE}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_ADD_PICTURE}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adding;adding, bitmaps to topics;aligning;aligning, bitmaps in topics;bitmaps;bitmaps, adding to topics;graphics;graphics, adding to topics;topics,;topics, adding bitmaps to}
\b To add a bitmap to a topic
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab Place the insertion point where you want to display the bitmap.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab To add a single instance of a bitmap, simply copy and paste it. 
\par \tab If you will use \ul multiple instances\plain\f1\fs16 {\v E08QKF} of the bitmap, create a link to its file by using the following syntax:
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 \b \{\-bm\plain\f1\fs16 x filename.bmp\b \'7d
\par \plain\f1\fs16 For x, specify one or two of the values in the table below. For filename.bmp, specify the name of your bitmap file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li895\ri125\fi-625\brdrb\brdrs\tx895 \b Value\tab Description
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li895\ri125\fi-625\tx895 c\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Aligns the bitmap as a text character.
\par \b l\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Aligns the bitmap with the left margin.
\par \b r\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Aligns the bitmap with the right margin.
\par \b t\plain\f1\fs16 \tab Used with any of the above values, this indicates that the white pixels of the bitmap should be converted to the solid color closest to the background color of the window. This can be used only with 16-color bitmaps.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx895 \b Note
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab You can specify multiple bitmaps by separating their names with a semicolon. In this case, WinHelp displays the bitmap that most closely matches the number of colors that can be displayed on a user's computer. For more information, click Related Topics.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`PRO_MULT_COLOR_GRAPHICS;PRO_COMP_RESOLUTIONS;BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS;BAS_MULT_RESOLUTION')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`PRO_MULT_COLOR_GRAPHICS;PRO_COMP_RESOLUTIONS;BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS;BAS_MULT_RESOLUTION')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00d6}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To add video or animation to a topic}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_ADD_VIDEO}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_ADD_VIDEO}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adding;adding, multimedia to topics;animation;animation, adding to topics;multimedia;multimedia, adding to topics;sound, adding to topics;topics,;topics, adding multimedia to;video;video, adding to topics}
\b To add video or animation to a topic
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab Place the insertion point where you want to add the multimedia file.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Type the reference in the following syntax:
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li295\ri125\tx295 \b \{\-mci \plain\f1\fs16 filename.ext\b \'7d\plain\f1\fs16 
\par For filename.ext, specify the name of the multimedia file you want to add.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab You can specify options for the multimedia file and can align the embedded window. For more information, see the \uldb mci\plain\f1\fs16 {\v J8.SKN} command reference.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00d7}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} To configure a bitmap for multiple color depths}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PRO_MULT_COLOR_GRAPHICS}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} PRO_MULT_COLOR_GRAPHICS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} bitmaps;bitmaps, color depth;color depth;graphics;graphics, color depth;multiple color depth graphics}
\b To configure a bitmap for multiple color depths
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 1\tab Create a bitmap file for each \ul color depth\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1NQNUGQ} that you want to make available.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Place the insertion point where you want the bitmap to be displayed, and then create a bitmap statement that includes each filename. Separate filenames with semicolons, as shown in the example. 
\par \tab WinHelp automatically uses the bitmap file that is most appropriate for a user's computer.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Example
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 \{\-bml\'a0dog_16.bmp;dog_256.bmp;dog_mono.bmp\'7d
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`PRO_ADD_PICTURE;BAS_MULT_COLOR_GRAPHICS;BAS_MULT_RESOLUTION;BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`PRO_ADD_PICTURE;BAS_MULT_COLOR_GRAPHICS;BAS_MULT_RESOLUTION;BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS')}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} E08QKF}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 If you use a bitmap in more than one place in your Help file, use a bitmap statement to create a link to it instead of copying and pasting the image. This reduces the size of your Help file because only one copy of the bitmap needs to be included in the file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 9UIBLJ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The absolute position is a setting that tells WinHelp that the coordinate values you specify for a window definition are to reflect the number of pixels, regardless of screen resolution. As a result, the size and position of the window will vary widely on different monitors, but the text in the windows will always wrap at the same places. If this setting is not specified, WinHelp adjusts the settings for the resolution of the monitor on which the Help file is displayed, and the window size and position will be roughly the same on all monitors, regardless of resolution.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ABYXEJ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 An accelerator key is a keystroke that provides a keyboard equivalent to commands displayed on menus or a button bar.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7V8V.U}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 An ALink macro provides a link to topics by means of keywords listed in the A-footnotes of topic (.rtf) files. When a user clicks a hotspot that runs an ALink macro specifying a keyword, WinHelp jumps to the topic that contains the keyword, or, if more than one topic contains the same keyword, WinHelp displays the Topics Found dialog box listing the titles of the topics. Keywords used in A-footnotes are reserved for use by ALink macros only.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2GB40S}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A contents (.cnt) file provides the information for the Contents tab, such as the titles of topics. You can also use a contents file to group multiple files, and to specify additional files to search in ALink and KLink macros. The contents file is specified in the project (.hpj) file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FO6MEW}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 An authorable button is a button in the text area of a Help window that can be used as a hotspot or to run macros. You can specify the text label for an authorable button.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MFKK8E}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Browse buttons are right-arrow (>>) and left-arrow (<<) buttons that the user clicks to display the next topic or the previous topic in a browse sequence.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6KLNWH}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A browse code is a number or character string in the A-footnote of a topic to specify the topic's position in a browse sequence.  The topics are sorted in ascending order by using browse codes. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1SRKR1R}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A browse sequence is a group of topics that the user can display one at a time, forward or backward, by clicking the browse buttons.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 12MF62E}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A build tag is an optional label that you use to specify whether a topic should be included in or excluded from a specific build. Build tags let you prepare several different Help files from a single set of topic files. After you have assigned build tags to topics, you can specify in the project (.hpj) file which topics to include in the build. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} C02ROW}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A citation is a message that you specify to appear at the end of the text when a user copies or prints a topic.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1NQNUGQ}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Color depth is the number of solid colors a computer can display on its monitor at one time.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JNVVI2}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A context menu is the menu that appears when the user clicks the right mouse button in a Help window.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2O07FH3}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A context number (or map number) is a unique value you assign to a topic that you want another program to call directly (as in the case of context-sensitive Help). The program passes this value to WinHelp to display the associated topic.  You specify context numbers for topics in the [MAP] section of the project (.hpj) file. Context numbers are used by the JumpContext macro.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6R9AD_}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Custom buttons are buttons on a Help window's button bar created by using the CreateButton macro.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2KN4_IS}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The default Help file is the file WinHelp searches for the topic IDs listed in the contents (.cnt) file (unless the topic statement specifies another help file). The default Help file is specified in the contents file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 32JI7C9}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The default topic is the topic WinHelp displays whenever the user initiates a jump to a topic that is unavailable. For Help files that do not have an associated contents (.cnt) file, WinHelp displays the default topic as the first topic when the user first opens the Help file and when the Contents button is clicked. If you do not specify a default topic, WinHelp uses the first topic of the first file listed in the project (.hpj) file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2BTJW15}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 An entry macro is a macro that you specify to run whenever a user displays a topic. You specify an entry macro for a topic in an exclamation mark (!) footnote in the topic (.rtf) file. You can define a series of entry macros by separating them with colons or semicolons. Multiple macros are run in the order they are listed.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .NSQ_T}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A footnote is used in a topic to provide a unique topic identifier,\b  \plain\f1\fs16 identify index keywords, and provide other special information to Help Workshop.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ATV8VK}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Full-text search is the ability to search for any word or phrase contained in Help file topics. Users can initiate a full-text search by using the Find tab in the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} OYZM9}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A hash number is a unique number generated from a topic ID. It is this number, and not the topic ID itself, that WinHelp uses. You can use the JumpHash macro to jump to a topic identified by a hash number, or you can use the Report command to list the hash numbers of all topics in a Help file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} PZJ46U}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Help Author mode is a way of running a Help file for testing purposes, providing the author with special navigational ability and other information about the structure of topics, links, windows, and macros. The Help Author command is available on the Help Workshop File menu.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} B6EHF_}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A Help makefile contains a list of project (.hpj) files that you want to compile. Help Workshop compiles the project files in the order they are listed. Help makefiles have an .hmk extension.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _B12QW}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A nonscrolling region is a specified portion at the top of a topic that always remains visible, even if the user scrolls to the bottom of a long topic. The nonscrolling region is separated from the scrolling region by a thin, black line, and it can contain text, bitmaps, and hotspots. You specify a nonscrolling region by applying the Keep With Next paragraph style (or equivalent) to the paragraph(s) in the topic (.rtf) file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KMK38I}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The Help Topics dialog box serves as the initial interface for the entire Help system. Typically, it contains Contents, Index, and Find tabs. The Help Topics dialog box appears when Help is run by using the HELP_FINDER command of the WinHelp API, or when a user double-clicks a Help file that is associated with a contents (.cnt) file that contains information for the Contents tab.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2EOL3C}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 High Contrast is a display option that directs Windows to use colors and fonts that are designed for easy reading. Users can set this option on the Display tab in the Accessibility Options program in Control Panel.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} NJZ4W5}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The history is a list of topics displayed in the main Help window, in the order the user viewed them. To see this list, click the Options menu, and then click Display History Window. This list is kept separately from the history list used by the Back button (and macro).
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7BM6.K}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A hotspot is an area on a screen that the user can click to jump to another topic or pop-up window, or to execute one or more macros.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 9ML77Q}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A keyword is a word or phrase associated with a topic, usually for indexing purposes. The same keyword can be associated with several topics. You assign keywords to topics in footnotes in the topic (.rtf) file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1R9H33X}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A KLink macro provides a link to topics by means of keywords listed in the K-footnotes of topic (.rtf) files. Keywords used in K-footnotes are also used in the index, so a KLink jump to a keyword has the same effect as clicking that keyword in the index. By contrast, ALink macros use keywords listed in A-footnotes, and these keywords are reserved for use by the ALink macro only. When a user clicks a hotspot that runs a KLink macro, WinHelp displays the Topics Found dialog box listing all the titles of topics associated with the K-keywords specified by the macro. The user can then jump to the desired topic by double-clicking the topic title.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} O8.Q2}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The main Help window, unlike a secondary window, has a menu and a default button bar, and it cannot be autosized. WinHelp has default settings for the main window, but you can customize it by specifying it as "main" in the [WINDOWS] section of the project (.hpj) file. Only one main window can be displayed at a time.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2MZ3DCP}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Multi-index keywords are words or phrases listed in special topic footnotes for use in indexes other than the one designated in the K-footnotes. With the exception of the A-keywords, these keywords can be accessed only by a program calling WinHelp with the HELP_MULTIKEY command.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DOQEEK}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A second-level index entry is a subset of a first-level index entry. On the Index tab, second-level index entries appear indented.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2ZK4PT}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A secondary window, unlike a main window, does not have a menu bar. Secondary windows must be specified in the [WINDOWS] section of the project (.hpj) file. The user can display up to nine secondary windows at one time.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7.61TY}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A topic ID is a string that identifies a topic or a location within a topic to display.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} L00JF5}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A transparent bitmap is a 16-color bitmap in which WinHelp replaces the white pixels with the color of the background of the current Help window. Typically, marking a bitmap as transparent enables it to blend in better with the background.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8AINQO}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx8815 Training cards are a set of Help topics in secondary windows that you can configure to communicate with another program. Authors can design training cards that display different topics based on what the user does within that other program.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} QAWJFN}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A pop-up topic is a topic that appears in a pop-up window. A pop-up topic can contain text, graphics, multimedia files, or hotspots. Typically, you use pop-up topics to convey additional information, such as the definition of a term or the description of a dialog box component. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8XSV6X}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 A pop-up window is a window in which a pop-up topic is displayed. Pop-up windows have no menu or button bars and appear on top of the topic from which they are called. Pop-up windows disappear when a user clicks anywhere on the screen. A pop-up window can contain text, graphics, multimedia files, or hotspots. However, if you have a hotspot in a pop-up window, the first pop-up window closes when the user clicks the hotspot. WinHelp can display only one pop-up window at a time.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:007c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} About project files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} idh_BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1525 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;BAS_HPJ}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files,;files, .hpj;files, about project files;hpj files, see project files;project files;project files, about project files}
\b About project files
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1525 \plain\f1\fs16 The project (.hpj) file is an ASCII text file that is used to compile your Help file. The project file contains all the information Help Workshop needs to combine topic (.rtf) files and other elements into a Help file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1525 You use Help Workshop to create and modify project files. When you create a new project file, the minimum settings you need are already made for you. The remaining settings depend on the size and complexity of your Help file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1525 Each section and option in the project file has a different purpose, and each can be used to improve the effectiveness and usability of your Help file. For more information about the project files settings that are available in Help Workshop, open a project (.hpj) file or create a new one, and then do one of the following:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab For Help on items in dialog boxes, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} at the top of the dialog box, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab For Help on items in a window, click the item or its label by using your right mouse button, and then click What's This.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_HPJ;NEW_AUTHOR_HPJ;PRO_HPJ')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_HPJ;NEW_AUTHOR_HPJ;PRO_HPJ')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:007d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} About the contents file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3X_CONTENTS_DESIGN}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} 3X_CONTENTS_DESIGN;BAS_CNT;BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;BAS_CONTENTS_CHECKLIST;DESIGN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} books;books, described;contents files;contents files, about contents files;files,;files, .cnt;files, about contents files;headings;headings, described}
\b About the contents file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The contents (.cnt) file is an ASCII text file that provides the instructions for the Contents tab in the Help Topics dialog box, and directs WinHelp to display the keywords of specified Help files on the Index and Find tabs. 
\par You design your table of contents by specifying the following in your contents file. 
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Headings\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %S.O02O}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %2.PJRZS}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Commands\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %ODRKC3}
\par To create and edit contents files, use Help Workshop. For more information, click Related Topics.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab The Contents tab does not appear in the \ul Help Topics dialog box\plain\f1\fs16 {\v KMK38I} unless the contents file contains at least one topic that jumps to a Help file on a user's computer. The valid jump must be present in the contents file when a user first opens the associated Help file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_CNT_31;3X_CONTENTS_DESIGN;NAVIGATION_DESIGN;CONTENTS_DESIGN;MULTIPLE_HELP_DESIGN;BAS_CNT;MORE_ABOUT_CNT_FILES;CONTENTS_DESIGN')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_CNT_31;3X_CONTENTS_DESIGN;NAVIGATION_DESIGN;CONTENTS_DESIGN;MULTIPLE_HELP_DESIGN;BAS_CNT;MORE_ABOUT_CNT_FILES;CONTENTS_DESIGN')}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} S.O02O}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Headings
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Headings are represented by book icons and can contain a group of related topics and other headings. Users display the contents of a heading by double-clicking it.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2.PJRZS}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Topics
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Topics are represented by page icons and either display a topic or run a macro when a user double-clicks them. Along with the topic title and topic ID, you can specify which Help file a topic is in, and which window type you want the topic to appear in.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ODRKC3}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Commands
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Commands specify the scope and appearance of your table of contents and index, including:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The name of the default Help file (and window)
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The title to display in the Help Topics dialog box
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The names of Help files whose keywords you want to include on the Index tab and whose text you want to include on the Find tab of the Help Topics dialog box
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The names of Help files WinHelp should search for \ul keywords\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 9ML77Q} if the \ul ALink\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7V8V.U} and \ul KLink\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1R9H33X} macros are used in topics
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The names and locations of other tabs to display in the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Overview: Compiling Help files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2HHH9US}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} building, see compiling;compiling;compiling, overview;compiling, with compression;compression;Help files;Help files, compiling;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, compiling Help files;project files;project files, compiling}
\b 
\par Compiling Help files
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You create Help files by compiling the project file. This brings together all the information in your project (.hpj) file, topic (.rtf) files, bitmap (.bmp) files, and DLL data files.
\par When you compile your Help file, you can choose from several compression options that make your Help file smaller. The greater the compression, the longer it takes to compile your file. You can temporarily turn off compression to reduce the amount of time it takes to compile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER;BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;PRO_HPJ_COMPRESSION")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER;BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;PRO_HPJ_COMPRESSION")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:007e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Features for testing Help files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} idh_BAS_TESTING_HELP_FILES}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_HCW;BAS_TESTING_HELP_FILES;HCW_ERRORS;HELP_AUTHOR;REPORT;TEST_API;TEST_CNT;TEST_MACROS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Compare macro;compiler messages;compiler messages, monitoring;Help files;Help files, testing;Help system;Help system, features for testing;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, features for testing Help files;Help Workshop, monitoring messages;macros,;macros, Compare;messages;messages, monitoring WinHelp messages;monitoring WinHelp messages;Test Contents File command;testing;testing, about testing Help files;WinHelp messages}
\b Features for testing Help files
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp and Help Workshop have the following testing features that make it easier to test your Help files:
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Help Author mode\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %16NZXVI}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Monitoring WinHelp messages\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %7ZNLR5}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Test Contents File command\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %AMSXP0}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Compare macro\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %34BRZY7}
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("Test;Compare;BAS_HELP_AUTHOR_MODE;BAS_COMPILE_MSG;NEW_COMPILE")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("Test;Compare;BAS_HELP_AUTHOR_MODE;BAS_COMPILE_MSG;NEW_COMPILE")}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 16NZXVI}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Help Author mode
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If a check mark appears beside the Help Author command on the File menu in Help Workshop, a line enabling Help Author features is added to your Win.ini file. Help Author mode provides additional information about the topics in a Help file, and enables you to more easily navigate from one topic to the next. 
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`PRO_HELPAUTHOR;BAS_HELP_AUTHOR_MODE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`PRO_HELPAUTHOR;BAS_HELP_AUTHOR_MODE')}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 34BRZY7}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Compare macro
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The Compare macro enables you to display side-by-side instances of two Help files. This macro is especially useful for comparing original and translated versions of the same Help file. You can run the Compare macro while you are viewing your Help by pressing \scaps ctrl+shift+j\plain\f1\fs16 , which displays the Jump dialog box.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`Compare')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`Compare')}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} AMSXP0}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Test Contents File command
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can test your contents (.cnt) file in Help Workshop by clicking the Test menu, and then clicking Contents File. Help Workshop checks to make sure that the syntax in your contents file is correct. Help Workshop then jumps to every topic specified in the contents file and displays a message if one of the jumps does not work.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`PRO_TEST_CNT')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`PRO_TEST_CNT')}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7ZNLR5}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Monitoring WinHelp messages
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can view WinHelp messages to determine whether actions in a Help file are working correctly. Using this feature, you can monitor WinHelp API calls, context-sensitive calls, which macros are being run, hotspot jumps, which topics and pop-ups are current, and which configuration (.gid) file is being read.
\par To monitor WinHelp messages in Help Workshop, click the View menu, and then click WinHelp Messages. Then open a Help file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Tips
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab Messages are added to the log file at the insertion point, so if you move the insertion point during a session, make sure you return it to the end of the text.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Help Workshop tracks WinHelp messages for all instances of WinHelp. Make sure that only one instance of WinHelp is running.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`PRO_TRACK_WINHELP_MSGS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`PRO_TRACK_WINHELP_MSGS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:007f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} About Help Author mode}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BAS_HELP_AUTHOR_MODE}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_HELP_AUTHOR_MODE;HELP_AUTHOR}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Ask On Hotspots command;Help Author mode;Help Author mode, about Help Author mode;Help files;Help files, navigating in;Help topics,;Help topics, displaying information about;hotspots;hotspots, Ask On Hotspots command;hotspots, displaying information about;jumps;jumps, displaying hotspot information;navigating in Help files;Topic Information command;topic numbers, using to display topics;topics,;topics, displaying information about}
\b About Help Author mode
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can display information about a Help topic in addition to more detailed error messages by clicking the File menu in Help Workshop, and then making sure Help Author is checked. Help Author mode provides the following features:
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Topic numbers\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %76ZAYA}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Easier navigation\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %CIVCB5}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Information about topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %12F4E2F}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Information about hotspots\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %1P_D_XO}
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_TESTING_HELP_FILES;BAS_COMPILE_MSG;')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_TESTING_HELP_FILES;BAS_COMPILE_MSG;N')}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 76ZAYA}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Topic numbers
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If Help Author is enabled, title bar text is replaced by unique topic numbers that identify each topic's position in the Help file. The first topic in the first topic (.rtf) file that is listed in your project (.hpj) file appears as topic number one. Subsequent topics are listed in the order specified in your project file. The number for a topic may change if the sequence of topics in your topic file changes or if you add or remove topics. To display a specific topic by its number, press \scaps ctrl+shift+j\plain\f1\fs16  in a topic, and the type the topic number.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CIVCB5}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Easier navigation
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If Help Author is enabled, you can use key combinations to navigate within your Help file. If a Help topic is open, you can move to the following or preceding topic by pressing \scaps ctrl+shift+right arrow\plain\f1\fs16  or \scaps ctrl+shift+left arrow. \plain\f1\fs16 To move to the beginning or end of your Help file, press \scaps ctrl+shift+home \plain\f1\fs16 or \scaps ctrl+shift+end.\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 12F4E2F}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Information about topics
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If Help Author is enabled, a Topic Information command appears when you click a topic by using your right mouse button. Clicking this command displays the topic's title (as specified by its $ footnote), any macros specified by an entry macro (!) footnote, the current window type, and the Help filename and path. Additional information appears in this dialog box if you selected the Include .Rtf Filename And Topic ID In Help File check box in the Compile a Help File dialog box before you compiled. This adds the name of the .rtf file that contains the topic and the topic's ID to the Topic Information dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1P_D_XO}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Information about hotspots
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If Help Author is enabled, an Ask On Hotspots command appears when you click a topic by using your right mouse button. If a check mark appears beside this command, WinHelp does not run the hotspot jump or macro when you click it. Instead, it displays the hidden text associated with the hotspot jump or macro. You can then choose to run the jump or macro, or return to the topic.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab The Ask On Hotspots command might not work correctly if there are no keywords in your Help file.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0080}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Compiler messages}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BAS_COMPILE_MSG}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_COMPILE_MSG}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} compiler messages;compiler messages, about compiler messages;error handling;Help Workshop;Help Workshop, messages, described;messages;messages, about compiler messages;notes;warning messages}
\b Compiler messages
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Windows\'a095 can display up to 64K of compiler messages (Windows\'a0NT can display up to 1 MB). However, if you specify a log file in which to save messages, there is no size limit for the file. For more information about a message and how to resolve it, use the Index or Find tab in Help Workshop Help, and look up the corresponding message ID, for example "HC1003." While you compile your Help file, Help Workshop may display messages of the following types:
\par \ul \ul \{bmc bm23.bmp\}\ul  Notes\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %3ZJF2}
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \ul \ul \{bmc bm23.bmp\}\ul  Warnings\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %113Q8O6}
\par \ul \ul \{bmc bm23.bmp\}\ul  Errors\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %10E5O5H}
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER;EXEC_HCW;EXEC_HCRTF;PRO_HPJ_ERRORLOG;PRO_HPJ_ERRORLOG')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER;EXEC_HCW;EXEC_HCRTF;PRO_HPJ_ERRORLOG;PRO_HPJ_ERRORLOG')}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3ZJF2}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Notes are conditions that you should be aware of. They will probably not cause serious problems when you open your Help file. For example, "HC1003: Note: A paragraph mark is formatted as a hidden character."
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 113Q8O6}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Warnings are conditions that will result in a defective Help file. For example, "HC3059: Warning: A hotspot is specified without a macro or topic ID."
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 10E5O5H}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Errors are conditions that prevent the Help file from compiling. For example, "HC5005: Error: The file cannot be found."
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0081}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Checklist for translating Help files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BAS_TRANSLATING}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_HPJ;BAS_TRANSLATING}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contents files;contents files, translating;Help files;Help files, translating;Help system;Help system, localizing;localizing;localizing, Help files;project files;project files, localizing;testing;testing, translated Help files;translating;translating, Help files}
\b Checklist for translating Help files
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp can display Help files compiled in any of 29 different languages. In addition, WinHelp provides tools for translating a Help file from one language to another while retaining the same structure.
\par You typically carry out the following tasks sequentially when you translate Help files:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \uldb 1\tab Translate topic (.rtf) files\plain\f1\fs16 {\v OGO6SZ}\uldb 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab Change settings in project (.hpj) files\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 42CA8G8}\uldb 
\par 3\tab Translate contents (.cnt) files\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 59DTMP}\uldb 
\par 4\tab Compare original and translated versions\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1BQ.K66}
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`test;BAS_SORT_LANGUAGE;BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;BAS_CONTENTS_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_TESTING_HELP_FILES;BAS_PROJECT_FILE_CHECKLIST;BAS_CONTENTS_CHECKLIST;BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER;translate_hpj')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`test;BAS_SORT_LANGUAGE;BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;BAS_CONTENTS_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_TESTING_HELP_FILES;BAS_PROJECT_FILE_CHECKLIST;BAS_CONTENTS_CHECKLIST;BAS_THE_HELP_COMPILER;translate_hpj')}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} OGO6SZ}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Translate topic (.rtf) files
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Create copies of the original topic files before you translate the text. You will probably want to translate all the text in topics, including \ul K-keywords,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 9ML77Q} titles, and the text on \ul authorable buttons.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v FO6MEW} When translating K-keywords, retain one-to-one relationships for the sake of any \ul KLink\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1R9H33X} macros in the Help file. Be sure that keywords specified in KLink macros are updated to specify translated keywords. Be sure to retain the original \ul topic IDs\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7.61TY} in the # \ul footnotes,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v .NSQ_T} any hidden jump identifiers, browse tags, \ul build tags,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 12MF62E} and macros. 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 42CA8G8}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Change settings in project (.hpj) files 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Create a copy of the original project file. In Help Workshop, open the new project file, and then check the Translation command on the File menu. Most settings that should not be translated become unavailable. Make any necessary changes, including:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The sorting order for keywords
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The default character set
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab The default fonts
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Any path changes to point to the translated topic files
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Whether the topic (.rtf) files use a double-byte character set (DBCS)
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 59DTMP}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Translate contents (.cnt) files
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Create a copy of the original contents files. In Help Workshop, open the new contents file, and then check the Translation command on the File menu. Any settings that should not be translated become unavailable. Change headings and topic titles as needed.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1BQ.K66}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Compare original and translated versions
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The Compare macro enables you to view two Help files at once. This enables you to view the original topics and the corresponding translated topics side-by-side. To run the Compare macro, press \scaps ctrl+shift+j\plain\f1\fs16  when a topic is open, and then type the following:
\par \b !compare("filename.hlp")\plain\f1\fs16 
\par For filename.hlp, substitute the name of the Help file you want to compare with the file that is open.\b 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0082}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Customizing topic windows}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_HPJ;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} customizing;customizing, Help windows;Help system;Help system, customizing topic windows;Help windows;Help windows, customizing;secondary windows;secondary windows, customizing;topic windows, customizing;windows,;windows, customizing}
Customizing topic windows
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp includes a predefined window called the main window, which has a menu bar and button bar. You can customize the main window or create new \ul secondary windows.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2ZK4PT}
\par You can define as many as 255 window types (including the main window) in your project (.hpj) file. WinHelp can display up to 10 windows at a time (the main window and nine secondary windows). You can customize the following window properties:
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Size and position\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %.T1IMB}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Background color\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %IQNGV4}
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Title bar text\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %J7HORR}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Button bar\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %6ORX.S.}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Menus and menu commands\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %.SVEAR}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Stay-on-top status\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %54MJKZG}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Automatic window sizing\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %U0U8PP}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Macros that run when a window opens\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %2KL9_I6}
\par \pard\sb45\sl-115\li295\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_AUTH_MENU;BAS_CONFIG_MACRO;NAVIGATION_DESIGN;MACRO_REF_OVR;BAS_AUTH_BTN;BAS_AUTH_BTN;WINDOW_DESIGN')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_AUTH_MENU;BAS_CONFIG_MACRO;NAVIGATION_DESIGN;MACRO_REF_OVR;BAS_AUTH_BTN;BAS_AUTH_BTN;WINDOW_DESIGN')}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .T1IMB}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Changing a window's size and position
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can specify the size and position of a window by opening your project (.hpj) file in Help Workshop, and then clicking the Windows button. Size and position settings are on the Position tab. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Tip
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab For help on an item in the Window Properties dialog box, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} in its title bar, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("PRO_HPJ_WINDOW_POSITION")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("PRO_HPJ_WINDOW_POSITION")}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IQNGV4}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Changing a window's background color
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can specify the background color of a window by opening your project (.hpj) file in Help Workshop, and then clicking the Windows button. Background color settings are on the Color tab. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Tip
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab For help on an item in the Window Properties dialog box, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} in its title bar, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("PRO_HPJ_BACKGROUND_COLOR")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("PRO_HPJ_BACKGROUND_COLOR")}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} J7HORR}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Changing a window's title bar text
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can specify the background color of a window by opening your project (.hpj) file in Help Workshop, and then clicking the Windows button. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Tip
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab For help on an item in the Window Properties dialog box, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} in its title bar, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("PRO_ADD_WINDOW_TITLE")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("PRO_ADD_WINDOW_TITLE")}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6ORX.S.}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Changing a window's button bar
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can add buttons to or remove them from a window's button bar by opening your project (.hpj) file in Help Workshop, clicking the Windows button, and then clicking the Buttons tab. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab For help on an item in the Window Properties dialog box, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} in its title bar, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab In addition to the buttons provided by Help Workshop, you can also use Help macros to add up to 22 buttons to the button bar in a Help window. For more information, click Related Topics below.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("PRO_HPJ_MAIN_BUTTON_BAR;PRO_HPJ_ADD_BUTTON_BAR;MACRO_REF_BUTTON")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("PRO_HPJ_MAIN_BUTTON_BAR;PRO_HPJ_ADD_BUTTON_BAR;MACRO_REF_BUTTON")}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .SVEAR}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Changing the main window's menu commands
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can add menus and menu commands to the menu bar in a main window by adding the necessary macros to the configuration section of your project (.hpj) file. To do this, open your project file in Help Workshop and click the Config button.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Tip
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab For help on an item in the Configuration Macros dialog box, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} in its title bar, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL("PRO_HPJ_WINDOW_CONFIG_MACROS;REF_CUST_MENU;MACRO_REF_MENU")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL("PRO_HPJ_WINDOW_CONFIG_MACROS;REF_CUST_MENU;MACRO_REF_MENU")}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 54MJKZG}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Changing a window's on-top state
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can specify that a window remains in the foreground, even when a user jumps to another window or program. To do this, open your project (.hpj) file in Help Workshop, click the Windows button, and then make sure Keep Help Window On Top is checked.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab Users can override the Keep Help Window On Top setting by clicking a topic using their right mouse button, and then clicking Keep Help On Top.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} U0U8PP}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Specifying whether a window should auto-size
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can set up secondary windows so that their length automatically adjusts to accommodate the amount of text in the topic. To do this, open your project (.hpj) file in Help Workshop, click the Windows button, and then select the Auto-Size Height check box.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab The Auto-Size Height setting overrides all other height settings and can be used only for secondary windows.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab For help on an item in the Window Properties dialog box, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} in its title bar, and then click the item.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2KL9_I6}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Specifying macros that run when a window opens
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can run macros every time a particular window type opens by associating macros with that window type. For example, you may want to associate macros that add special menus, menu commands, and buttons to a window. To do this, open your project (.hpj) file in Help Workshop, click the Windows button, and then click the Macros tab.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Tips
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab By adding \ul entry macros\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2BTJW15} to certain topics, you can make a particular command or button appear when a user opens some topics but not others.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab For help on an item in the Window Properties dialog box, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} in its title bar, and then click the item.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You can also assign macros to individual window types by opening your project (.hpj) file in Help Workshop, clicking the Windows button, and then clicking the Macros tab. Any macros you assign to the main window will override macros assigned to the main window in the Help Configuration dialog box. However, any macros you assign to a \ul secondary window\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2ZK4PT} apply only to that window type.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MACRO_OVERVIEW;MACRO_REF_MENU;PRO_HPJ_WINDOW_CONFIG_MACROS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MACRO_OVERVIEW;MACRO_REF_MENU;PRO_HPJ_WINDOW_CONFIG_MACROS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0083}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Specifying macros that apply to an entire Help file}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} idh_BAS_CONFIG_MACRO}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_CONFIG_MACRO;BAS_HPJ}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} configuration macros;Help files;Help files, adding configuration macros;Help system;Help system, using macros to configure;macros,;macros, running when a Help file is opened;running macros}
\b Specifying macros that apply to your entire Help file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can specify macros that run whenever a user opens a Help file. For example, you can use macros to specify optional buttons, menus, or menu items for the main window and to access programs and capabilities outside the Help system. To do this, open your project (.hpj) file in Help Workshop, and then click the Config button.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Tips
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab For help on an item in the Configuration Macros dialog box, click \{bmc bm0.bmp\} in its title bar, and then click the item.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You can also assign macros to individual window types by opening your project (.hpj) file in Help Workshop, clicking the Windows button, and then clicking the Macros tab. Any macros you assign to the main window will override macros assigned to the main window in the Help Configuration dialog box. However, any macros you assign to a \ul secondary window\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2ZK4PT} apply only to that window type.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;BAS_AUTH_BTN;MACRO_OVERVIEW;MACRO_REF_OVR')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;BAS_AUTH_BTN;MACRO_OVERRVIEW;MACRO_REF_OVR')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0084}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Overview of full-text search features}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} __RRO_}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_FULLTEXT_INDEX;BAS_HPJ}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Find Setup wizard;Find tab;Find tab, about full-text search;full-text search;full-text search, about full-text search;Help system;Help system, full-text search availablility;index,;index, full-text search;search, full-text}
\b 
\par Overview of full-text search features
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp version 4.0 includes a full-text search feature, which enables users to search through every word in Help files to find a match. 
\par In most cases, when a user clicks the Find tab in the \ul Help Topics dialog box\plain\f1\fs16 {\v KMK38I} for the first time, the Find Setup wizard appears. The wizard helps users set up a full-text search index. A full-text search index lists all the unique words in the Help file. 
\par Instead of having users create their own full-text search index, you can create it for them and ship it with your Help files. The advantage of shipping a full-text search index is that full-text search features are immediately available to users. The disadvantage is that a full-text search index takes up space on your product's distribution disks.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 To create a full-text search index for your users, open your project (.hpj) file, and then click the Options button. Click the FTS tab, and change settings as needed. This causes a full-text search (.fts) file to be created whenever you compile your Help file with maximum or Hall compression turned on.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`NEW_WINHELP_INTERFACE;nofind_cnt;PRO_FULLTEXT_INDEX')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`NEW_WINHELP_INTERFACE;nofind_cnt;PRO_FULLTEXT_INDEX')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0085}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Help system titles}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BAS_HELP_TITLE}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_CNT;BAS_HELP_TITLE;BAS_HPJ}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} customizing;customizing, titles;Help system;Help system, titles for various elements of;Help Topics dialog box;Help Topics dialog box, creating a title for;titles;titles, creating;titles, overview of;Topics Found dialog box;Topics Found dialog box, headings in}
\b Help system titles
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 By specifying titles for different elements in your Help system, you can orient your users. For information about creating these titles, click one of the buttons below.
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Title bar text for the Help Topics dialog box\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %4FEK_M6}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Headings in the Topics Found dialog box\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %.QWDOL}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Title bar text for Help windows\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %1MIZBM.}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} File titles in the Find Setup wizard\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %4T1TZI}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Heading and topic titles on the Contents tab\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %N4.DVT}
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_CONTENTS_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_ADD_WINDOW_TITLE;PRO_ADD_TITLE;PRO_CNT_ADD_BOOK;PRO_CNT_ADD_TOPIC;PRO_HPJ_TITLE;PRO_CNT_CREATE;PRO_CNT_COMBINE_HELP_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_PROJ_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_CONTENTS_FILE_EDITOR;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW;PRO_ADD_WINDOW_TITLE;PRO_ADD_TITLE;PRO_CNT_ADD_BOOK;PRO_CNT_ADD_TOPIC;PRO_HPJ_TITLE;PRO_CNT_CREATE;PRO_CNT_COMBINE_HELP_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4FEK_M6}
\pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Title bar text for the Help Topics dialog box 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You specify text for the title bar of the \ul Help Topics dialog box\plain\f1\fs16 {\v KMK38I} by opening your contents (.cnt) file, and then typing the title in the Default Title box. If your Help system has more than one Help file, specifying a default title ensures that the Help Topics dialog box has the same title regardless of which Help file is open.
\par If no default title is specified in the contents file, WinHelp uses the Help title specified for the current Help file. You can specify the Help title by opening your project (.hpj) file, clicking the Options button, and then typing the title in the Help Title box.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 If no default title is specified in the contents file and no Help title is specified in the project file, WinHelp displays the filename of the current Help file in the title bar of the Help Topics dialog box.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .QWDOL}
\pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Headings in the Topics Found dialog box
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 From the Help Index, the Topics Found dialog box appears when a user double-clicks a \ul keyword\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 9ML77Q} that is associated with more than one topic. From within topics, the Topics Found dialog box appears when users click text that is associated with an ALink or KLink macro. The topic titles in this dialog box correspond to the titles you specify in the $ footnote in your topic (.rtf) file.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1MIZBM.}
\pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Title bar text for Help windows
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You can specify text for the title bar of each window type by opening your project (.hpj) file, and then clicking the Windows button. 
\par If no title bar text is specified for a window type, WinHelp uses the default title specified in your contents file. You can specify a default title, by opening your contents (.cnt) file, and then typing the title in the Default Title box. 
\par If no default title is specified in the contents file, WinHelp uses the Help title specified for the current Help file for the main window, and leaves the title blank in secondary windows. You can specify the Help title by opening your project (.hpj) file, clicking the Options button, and then typing the title in the Help Title box.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 If no default title is specified in the contents file and no Help title is specified in the project file, "Windows Help" appears in the title bar of the main Help window and secondary window titles will be blank. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab A Help window's title bar text also appears on a taskbar button when a Help window is open. The taskbar is the bar on your Windows\'a095 desktop that has the Start button on it. Buttons representing running programs appear on this bar.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4T1TZI}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b File titles in the Find Setup wizard
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 When users click the Find tab in the \ul Help Topics dialog box\plain\f1\fs16 {\v KMK38I} for the first time, the Find Setup wizard typically appears. If a user chooses Custom in this wizard, a list of current Help files appears. From this list, users can choose which files they want to include in their full-text search index. The items in the list correspond to the Help titles specified for index files in your contents (.cnt) file. You can specify Help titles for index files by opening your contents file, and then clicking the Index Files button.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} N4.DVT}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Heading and topic titles on the Contents tab 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You specify the text for the headings and topics on the Contents tab by opening a contents (.cnt) file in Help Workshop, clicking Add Above or Add Below, and then filling in the appropriate text boxes. The text you specify for topics is usually the same as the titles specified by the $ footnotes in your topic (.rtf) files.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0086}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Designing context-sensitive Help}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} GJ164W}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_HPJ;BAS_HPJ_ADD_MAP}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} context-sensitive Help;context-sensitive Help, designing;context-sensitive Help, mapping topic IDs;dialog boxes;dialog boxes, designing context-sensitive Help for;Help system;Help system, designing context-sensitive Help;mapping topic IDs;project files;project files, mapping topic IDs;topic IDs;topic IDs, mapping}
\b Designing context-sensitive Help
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 In WinHelp version 4.0, you can provide context-sensitive Help for many of your program's interface elements. In dialog boxes, users typically display context-sensitive help by clicking \{bmc bm0.bmp\} at the top of a dialog box, and then clicking the item. In windows, users typically display context-sensitive help by clicking an item using their right mouse button, and then clicking What's This.
\par Help authors and program developers typically work together to implement context-sensitive Help. Help authors write the relevant Help topics, and program developers modify the program to call the correct Help topic. As part of this modification, developers assign numeric values to items that users are likely to want more information about. You can then map these numeric values to the appropriate \ul topic IDs\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7.61TY} in your project (.hpj) file.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab When assigning topic IDs to context-sensitive Help topics, make sure the first four characters in the ID are IDH_. Help Workshop recognizes that topic IDs beginning with these characters are ones that a program will call. While compiling, Help Workshop displays a list of topic IDs that are in your topic (.rtf) files, but have not been mapped to numeric values. Help Workshop also lists IDs that are mapped to numeric values but are not in your topic files. Using the IDH_ naming convention will help you find and resolve problems in your context-sensitive Help.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`CONTEXT_SENSITIVE_DESIGN;MAP;NEW_CONTEXT;cs_help;PRO_HPJ_ADD_MAP')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`CONTEXT_SENSITIVE_DESIGN;MAP;NEW_CONTEXT;cs_help;PRO_HPJ_ADD_MAP')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0087}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Keyword jumps}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BAS_ASSOCIATIVE_JUMPS}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_ASSOCIATIVE_JUMPS;basic}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} A-footnotes;A-keywords;ALinks;ALinks, about keyword jumps;footnotes;footnotes, A-footnote;footnotes, K-footnote;Help system;Help system, designing keyword jumps;hotspots;hotspots, about keyword jumps;jumps;jumps, about keyword jumps;keywords;keywords, about keyword jumps;K-footnotes;K-keywords;KLinks;Klinks, about keyword jumps}
\b Keyword jumps
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Keyword jumps are new macros that provide indirect links to one or more Help topics. When users click a \ul hotspot,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7BM6.K} button, or menu command that is associated with a keyword jump, WinHelp displays the Topics Found dialog box, which lists topics that contain the same keyword as the one specified by the hotspot. Keyword jumps are made possible by KLink and ALink macros. For more information about these macros, click one of the following buttons.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li535\ri125\fi-425\tx535 \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} KLink keyword jumps\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %8WZJ5O}\b 
\par \uldb \plain\f1\uldb\fs16 \{bmc bm23.bmp\} ALink keyword jumps\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %JULTCG}
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR;MULTIPLE_HELP_DESIGN;BAS_MACRO_JUMP;BAS_INSERTING_JUMP;BAS_INSERTING_POPUP;ALink;KLink;PRO_INSERT_MACRO;PRO_CNT_LINKS;BAS_TOPIC_FOOTNOTE;BAS_ADDING_KEYWORDS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MACRO_REF_OVR;MULTIPLE_HELP_DESIGN;BAS_MACRO_JUMP;BAS_INSERTING_JUMP;BAS_INSERTING_POPUP;ALink;KLink;PRO_INSERT_MACRO;PRO_CNT_LINKS;BAS_TOPIC_FOOTNOTE;BAS_ADDING_KEYWORDS')}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8WZJ5O}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b KLink keyword jumps
\par \plain\f1\fs16 KLink jumps are based on keywords specified by K-\ul footnotes\plain\f1\fs16 {\v .NSQ_T} in your topic (.rtf) files. For example, a KLink macro that specifies the keywords "macros" and "graphics" will present users with a Topics Found dialog box containing a list of all topics that have the word "macro" or "graphics" in their K footnotes. As you author additional topics that contain these keywords, the items in the Topics Found dialog box increase accordingly. However, if the topic from which a user runs the KLink macro contains the designated keyword in its K-footnote, that topic does not appear in the Topics Found dialog box.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The main benefit of KLink macros is that they are automatically updated as keywords are added to or deleted from topics. They also enable you to jump to topics in Help files that may be on a user's hard disk at some point in the future. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab Keywords specified in the KLink macro must exactly match K-keywords. For example, KLink(network) will not match the first-level index keyword "network," because the macro specification lacks a trailing comma.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JULTCG}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b ALink keyword jumps\plain\f1\fs16 
\par ALink jumps are identical to KLink jumps except that the keywords they jump to are specified by A-footnotes in topics. A-keywords are used only for ALink macros and, unlike K-keywords, they never appear on the Index tab in the Help Topics dialog box. As with KLink macros, if the topic from which a user runs the ALink macro contains the designated keyword in its A-footnote, that topic does not appear in the Topics Found dialog box.
\par The main benefit of ALink macros is that they do not change, regardless of any changes to the K-keywords in topic (.rtf) files.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0088}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Using graphics in your Help files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS;TOPIC}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} bitmaps,;bitmaps, about bitmaps in Help files;bitmaps, transparent;color depth;colors;colors, about graphics color support;graphics;graphics, about graphics in Help files;Help files;Help files, graphics in;Help system;Help system, using graphics in;metafiles;transparent bitmaps}
\b Using graphics in your Help files
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 In your topic files, you can include graphics of the following types: Windows bitmaps (.bmp or .dib), Windows metafiles (.wmf), Windows Help multiple-\ul hotspot\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 7BM6.K} (SHED) bitmaps (.shg), and Windows Help multi-resolution bitmaps (.mrb). For more information about using graphics in your Help files, click one of the following buttons.
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Graphics color support\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %WGKUZ3}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Transparent bitmaps\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %E0QHFW}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} WGKUZ3}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Graphics color support
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp version 4.0 can display graphics with any number of colors. WinHelp automatically reduces the \ul color depth\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1NQNUGQ} as necessary to the maximum color depth allowed by a user's display driver. The result is sometimes unsatisfactory, especially in cases where more than one graphic appears on a user's screen. For greater control, you can use optimized 16-color images (which work well over a wide range of platforms) or the \{\-bmx\'7d statement (which enables you to specify a series of graphics that have different color depths).
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} E0QHFW}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Transparent bitmaps
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If you are using a colored background in your topics, you may want to use \ul transparent bitmaps.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v L00JF5} To do this, add the letter t to the \{\-bmx\'7d statement, for example, \{\-bmct\'7d, \{\-bmlt\'7d, or \{\-bmrt\'7d. WinHelp replaces the white pixels in a transparent bitmap with the background color of the currently active window the first time the bitmap is displayed. If the background color is dithered, WinHelp uses a solid color closest to the dither for the bitmap's background color.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`GRAPHICS_DESIGN;BAS_MULT_RESOLUTION;bmx;SHED')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`GRAPHICS_DESIGN;BAS_MULT_RESOLUTION;bmx;SHED')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0089}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Multiple aspect ratio graphics}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BAS_MULT_RESOLUTION}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_MULT_RESOLUTION}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} aspect ratio of bitmaps;bitmaps,;bitmaps, about bitmaps in Help files;bitmaps, aspect ratio;graphics;graphics, about graphics in Help files;graphics, multiple aspect ratio;Help files;Help files, graphics in;Help system;Help system, using graphics in;multiple aspect ratio graphics;multi-resolution graphics;multi-resolution graphics, about multiple aspect ratio graphics}
\b Multiple aspect ratio graphics
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If a specified bitmap's aspect ratio is different from the aspect ratio of a user's monitor, WinHelp attempts to compensate for the difference. The result is a slightly distorted bitmap. If a graphic includes text, the text may not be readable.
\par Help Workshop automatically removes the aspect ratio from bitmap (.bmp) files so that WinHelp will not stretch or shrink them. If you want WinHelp to distort your bitmaps, you must create them using the Multi-Resolution Bitmap Compiler. Doing so will preserve the aspect ratio of the bitmap, but the bitmap typically does not compress as well.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 To include Multi-Resolution Bitmap Compiler (.mrb) files in a Help file, use the \{\-bmx\'7d bitmap reference statement.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab If you want text in a graphic to change depending on the aspect ratio of a user\'92s monitor, use a metafile.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MRBC;bmx')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BMRBC;bmx')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:008a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Multiple color depth graphics}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BAS_MULT_COLOR_GRAPHICS}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_MULT_COLOR_GRAPHICS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} bitmaps,;bitmaps, color depth;color depth;colors;colors, about multiple color depth graphics;graphics;graphics, color depth;Help files;Help files, graphics in;Help system;Help system, using graphics in;multiple color depth graphics}
\b Multiple color depth graphics
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If a specified bitmap's \ul color depth\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 1NQNUGQ} is different from the color depth of a user's monitor, WinHelp attempts to compensate for the difference. This has no effect when a low color-depth graphic is displayed on a high color-depth monitor, but a high color-depth graphic may look bad when it is displayed on a low color-depth monitor. 
\par To more precisely control the way a bitmap appears on computers that support different color depths, you can create a separate file for each bitmap \'97 one file for each color depth users are likely to have. After you have created these files, you can list them in a single \{\-bmx\'7d bitmap statement, separated by semicolons. WinHelp determines the color depth capability of a user's computer, and then uses the most appropriate bitmap file. 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 If you specify multiple bitmaps in a \{\-bmx\'7d bitmap statement, you must specify the same number of bitmaps in the same order in all your topic (.rtf) files. If you do not do this, some of the bitmaps you specify may not appear. Or the bitmaps you specify may take twice as much room in your Help file. For example:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If you specify \{\-bmc Ralph_16.bmp; Petra_256.bmp\'7d and \{\-bmc Ralph_16.bmp; Tony_256.bmp\'7d in your topic files, only the first occurrence of the bitmap statement will be used in all cases. The Ralph_16.bmp and Petra_256.bmp bitmaps will appear in your Help file, but the Tony_256.bmp file will not.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If you specify \{\-bmc Nancy_16.bmp; Tami_256.bmp\'7d and \{\-bmc Tami_256.bmp; Nancy_16.bmp\'7d, both bitmaps will appear in your Help file, but will take twice as much space. Help Workshop considers each bitmap statement as unique because the bitmaps are specified in a different order.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab If you specify \{\-bmc Ralph_16.bmp; Laura_256.bmp\'7d, and later specify only \{\-bmc Ralph_16.bmp\'7d in your topic files, Ralph_16.bmp and Laura_256.bmp will be used in both instances.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS;BAS_MULT_RESOLUTION;bmx')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_ADDING_GRAPHICS;BAS_MULT_RESOLUTION;bmx')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:008b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} About training card Help}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3DR7SH0}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_TRAIN_CARDS}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help system;Help system, designing training cards;TCard macro;training card Help}
\b About training card Help
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Training cards are a set of Help topics in secondary windows that you can configure to send instructions to and receive instructions from another program. This is particularly useful in walking users through a procedure step by step. Whenever users correctly carry out a step, you can automatically display the next step. If users incorrectly carry out a step, you can display information that specifically addresses their mistakes.
\par Developers can use the WinHelp API in their programs to send information to WinHelp. Help authors can use the TCard macro in their Help files to send information to programs. Most Help authors will have to work closely with a program developer in designing an effective set of training cards.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`TCARD_DESIGN;TCard;winhelp_api;WM_TCARD')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`TCARD_DESIGN;TCard;winhelp_api;WM_TCARD')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0120}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Customizing main window menus}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} REF_CUST_MENU}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} REF_CUST_MENU}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} customizing;customizing, menus;Help system;Help system, customizing main window menus;menus;menus, customizing}
\b Customizing main window menus
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Unlike a \ul secondary window,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2ZK4PT} a Help \ul main window\plain\f1\fs16 {\v O8.Q2} features a menu bar. You can use standard menus and commands, or you can add new menus and menu items by using macros.
\par You can also use menus to display commands that can be organized into logical groups. For example, you can change the items on menus to reflect the type of information contained in a group of related topics. WinHelp can place a check mark next to a menu item to indicate that the item is off or on.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Menu items run macros when users click them, press a key combination, or press an accelerator key. You can make menu items available or unavailable during a Help session. 
\par To use a menu macro, you must run it from the main window. If a topic contains a macro that adds an item to the Help menu, but that topic is displayed in a secondary window, the macro will have no effect.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MACRO_REF_MENU')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MACRO_REF_MENU')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0121}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Customizing Help buttons}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} REF_CUST_BTN}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} REF_CUST_BTN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} button bar;button bar, customizing;buttons,;buttons, customizing;customizing;customizing, Help buttons;Help system;Help system, customizing Help buttons}
\b Customizing Help buttons
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 In WinHelp version 4.0, both main and secondary windows can have a button bar with as many as 22 buttons on it. You can use the standard button bar set or use a custom set of buttons. To define custom buttons, you use macros.
\par Buttons are best used to display a limited number of frequently used functions. They enable users to access features by a single mouse click or key combination. 
\par Help buttons run macros when users click them, press a key combination, or press an accelerator key. You can make Help buttons available or unavailable during a Help session. 
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Notes
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab WinHelp automatically sizes buttons to fit the text displayed on the button.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Buttons are added to the button bar in the order in which you specify them.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Buttons can contain only text; they cannot contain graphics.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`MACRO_REF_BUTTON;PRO_HPJ_ADD_BUTTON_BAR;PRO_ADD_BROWSE_BUTTONS;PRO_HPJ_MAIN_BUTTON_BAR')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`MACRO_REF_BUTTON;PRO_HPJ_ADD_BUTTON_BAR;PRO_ADD_BROWSE_BUTTONS;PRO_HPJ_MAIN_BUTTON_BAR')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:008c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Help system limits}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BAS_SYS_LIMITS}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} tables}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_SYS_LIMITS;DESIGN;MULTIPLE_HELP_DESIGN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} bitmaps,;bitmaps, limits;character limits;citation;contents files;contents files, limits;error log file size;file size;files,;files, limits;font names;font ranges;graphics;graphics, limits;Help files;Help files, limits;Help files, size limit;Help system;Help system, limits;Help topics,;Help topics, limits;hotspots;hotspots, character limit;keywords;keywords, character limit;keywords, limits;limits;size limits;titles;titles, limits;topic files;topic files, limits;topics,;topics, limits;window types}
\b Help system limits
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 The 32-bit technology of Windows\'a095 enables WinHelp version 4.0 to dramatically expand the capability of the Help system you author. 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li2515\ri125\fi-2385\brdrb\brdrs\tx2515 \b Item\tab Limit\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2515\ri125\fi-2385\tx2515 Help file size\tab 2 gigabytes
\par Topics per topic (.rtf) file\tab No practical limit
\par Topics per Help file\tab No practical limit
\par Topics per \ul keyword\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 9ML77Q}\tab 800
\par Topic \ul footnote\plain\f1\fs16 {\v .NSQ_T} length\tab 16,383 characters
\par Keyword length\tab 255 characters
\par Hotspot hidden text\tab 4,095 characters
\par Help title string\tab 127 characters
\par Topic title string\tab 127 characters
\par Custom window title string\tab 50 characters
\par Custom window name\tab 8 characters
\par Copyright string\tab 255 characters
\par Browse string\tab 50 characters
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2515\ri125\fi-2385\tx2515 Referenced bitmaps\tab 65,535 bitmaps per Help file
\par Filename\tab 259 characters
\par Font name\tab 31 characters
\par Font ranges\tab 20 ranges
\par Error log file\tab No limit (Help Workshop can display 64K of text in Windows\'a095 and 1 MB of text in Windows\'a0NT, but the log file itself has no size limit.)
\par \ul Citation\plain\f1\fs16 {\v C02ROW} string\tab 2,000 characters
\par Window definitions\tab 255 per Project file
\par Window caption\tab 50 characters
\par contents file entries\tab No practical limit
\par Contents headings\tab 9 levels (indented)
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li2515\ri125\fi-2385\tx2515 Contents topic strings\tab 255 characters (127 in a DBCS language)
\par Contents heading text\tab No practical limit
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`DESIGN')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`DESIGN')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:008d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Designing for multiple Help files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BAS_COMB_CONTENTS}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} tables}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} BAS_CNT;BAS_CNT_COMBINE_HLP_FILES;BAS_COMB_CONTENTS;DESIGN;MULTIPLE_HELP_DESIGN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ALinks;ALinks, using with multiple Help files;combined index;combining multiple Help files;contents files;contents files, designing for multiple Help files;Contents tab;Contents tab, adding sections from multiple Help files;Help files;Help files, designing multiple;Help files, linking multiple;Help files, reinitializing;Help system;Help system, adding files after releasing;Help system, designing for multiple Help files;Help system, reinitializing;index,;index, combining keywords from multiple Help files;interfile jumps;jumps;jumps, to another Help file;keywords;keywords, combining from multiple Help files;KLinks;KLinks, using with multiple Help files;linking multiple Help files;merging multiple Help files;multiple Help files, designing;reinitializing Help files;Report command}
\b Designing for multiple Help files
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You do not need to include all your Help topics within one Help file. For example, if the program you are documenting contains modular components, authoring separate Help files for each component is often a good idea. If a user decides not to install a component during setup or adds a new component later, the Help system still appears as a single unit. WinHelp version 4.0 can present a single index and a single table of contents for all the Help files you specify.
\par By planning ahead, you can make it possible to add information to your family of Help files after it has been released. By including the appropriate information in the contents file, you can automatically add new sections to the Contents tab and new keywords to the Index tab. You can also create jumps to topics that do not exist at the time you release your product but that might be added later.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 When designing a Help system that uses multiple Help files or that may be augmented by additional Help files, consider the following:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab In the contents file you can specify jumps to topics that are located in other Help files. If WinHelp does not find the referenced Help file on a user's computer, the topics located in that file do not appear on the Contents tab. This feature is useful if your program has several components that are optional for users to install. In this case, simply create separate Help files for each component, and if one is not installed, the topics for that component do not appear on the Contents tab. This minimizes distraction and confusion for users.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab To prevent inconsistencies in the index, such as verb tense, capitalization, and the use of plurals, use the Report command in Help Workshop to generate a list of the keywords that are in the Help files you intend to combine.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You can use keyword jumps to jump to topics in your family of Help files or in another family of Help files. KLink macros provide jumps to multiple topics that contain specified indexed K-keywords. ALink macros provide jumps to topics that contain specified nonindexed A-keywords. These macros are especially useful if you have multiple Help files because the links are resolved at run-time, based on the Help files that are actually available when the macro is run.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab If you add files to your family of Help files after it has been released, the additions will not appear on the original Contents or Index tab until the Help file is reinitialized. To reinitialize the Help file, a setup program or your user must run the following command:
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \b \tab winhelp\'a0-g filename.hlp
\par \plain\f1\fs16 \tab For filename.hlp, substitute the name of the Help file you want to reinitialize.\b 
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 \plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_OVERVIEW;BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;BAS_WRITE_INDEX;BAS_ASSOCIATIVE_JUMPS')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_OVERVIEW;BAS_ABOUT_HPJ_FILES;BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;BAS_WRITE_INDEX;BAS_ASSOCIATIVE_JUMPS')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:008e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Designing a table of contents}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CONTENTS_DESIGN}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CONTENTS_DESIGN;DESIGN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} contents files;contents files, designing a table of contents;Contents tab;Contents tab, designing a table of contents;Help system;Help system, designing a table of contents;table of contents, designing}
\b Designing a table of contents
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 You design the information on the Contents tab by configuring a contents (.cnt) file. You may want to show all topics or show only those topics that beginning users are likely to need.
\par When designing a table of contents, keep the following in mind:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Book icons represent headings. Double-clicking a book icon enables users to see the subentries under that heading. Subentries can be other book icons or page icons.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Page icons represent topics. Double-clicking a page icon enables users to display a topic or run a macro. You can specify what window type a topic should appear in.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Page icons can jump to topics in other Help files.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Users can print the contents of a book icon by clicking the icon, and then clicking the Print button on the Contents tab.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You can include other contents files in your main contents file.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_OVERVIEW;BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;PRO_CNT_ADD_BOOK;PRO_CNT_ADD_TOPIC;PRO_HPJ_SPECIFY_CNT_FILE;PRO_CNT_DYN;PRO_CNT_DEFAULT_HELP_FILE')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_OVERVIEW;BAS_CNT_OVERVIEW;PRO_CNT_ADD_BOOK;PRO_CNT_ADD_TOPIC;PRO_HPJ_SPECIFY_CNT_FILE;PRO_CNT_DYN;PRO_CNT_DEFAULT_HELP_FILE')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:008f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Designing pop-up topics}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} POPUP_TOPICS_DESIGN}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DESIGN;POPUP_TOPICS_DESIGN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} dialog boxes;dialog boxes, designing pop-up topics for;graphics;graphics, designing pop-up topics for;Help system;Help system, designing pop-up topics;Help topics,;Help topics, about pop-up topics;multimedia;multimedia, designing pop-up topics for;pop-up windows;pop-up windows, about pop-up topics;topics,;topics, about pop-up topics}
\b Designing pop-up topics
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 A pop-up is a window that "pops up" on top of a window or dialog box. WinHelp automatically sizes pop-up windows to fit the text or graphic in them. Pop-ups remain on screen until users click anywhere on their screen.
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Typical uses for pop-ups\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %_I.CEK}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Considerations for writing pop-up topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %16Z.AQ0}
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_OVERVIEW;BAS_CREATE_TOPIC;BAS_INSERTING_POPUP')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_OVERVIEW;BAS_CREATE_TOPIC;BAS_INSERTING_POPUP')}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _I.CEK}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Typical uses for pop-ups
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Pop-ups are generally used for the following purposes:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Definitions
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Context-sensitive Help in dialog boxes
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Graphics
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Multimedia clips
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Tips and notes
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 16Z.AQ0}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Considerations for writing pop-up topics
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 When you write pop-up topics, you may want to consider the following:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Unless you include an authorable Print button in pop-ups, users can print them only by clicking them with their right mouse button, and then clicking Print.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Topics that do not have titles specified by $ footnotes are typically excluded from the \ul full-text search\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ATV8VK} index. Because pop-ups are best used in context, it would be more confusing than helpful if users were able to find the text in them.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab For context-sensitive Help topics that will be called from a program, make sure the first four characters in the topic ID are IDH_. This enables Help Workshop to detect whether topic IDs are mapped to numeric values in your project (.hpj) file.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0090}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Guidelines for using video and animation}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MM_DESIGN}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DESIGN;MM_DESIGN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} animation;animation, guidelines for using;avi files in Help topics;file size;Help system;Help system, multimedia guidelines;multimedia;multimedia, guidelines for using;video;video, guidelines for using}
\b Guidelines for using video and animation
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 Video and animation files can be included in any topic, including pop-up topics. WinHelp version 4.0 creates an embedded window for multimedia files and automatically sizes the window to accommodate the image or controller (if any). If the window is not large enough to display the controller, WinHelp crops the right and bottom edges. Users can resize the window to show any part of the controller that does not initially appear in the window.
\par Multimedia files tend to be large and can significantly increase a Help file's size. If your Help file is likely to be copied to a user's hard disk (rather than run from a CD-ROM), file size might be a an issue.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Note
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \plain\f2\fs16 \'b7\f1 \tab You can ship multimedia files without including them in your Help file. This feature may be useful if you want to run sample files that are already included as part of the product, or that currently exist on a user's computer.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_OVERVIEW;BAS_ADDING_VIDEO;BAS_ADDING_SOUND;TMPDIR;mci;PRO_ADD_VIDEO')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_OVERVIEW;BAS_ADDING_VIDEO;BAS_ADDING_SOUND;TMPDIR;mci;PRO_ADD_VIDEO')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0091}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Designing an index}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} INDEX_DESIGN}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DESIGN;INDEX_DESIGN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help system;Help system, designing an index;index entries, creating;index,;index, designing;index, guidelines for writing keywords;keywords;keywords, guidelines for writing;K-keywords;second-level index entries;topic keywords}
\b Designing an index
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 A comprehensive \ul keyword\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 9ML77Q} list is one of the most helpful navigating tools you can provide for users. In an index, you can provide synonyms that help users find information without requiring them to be familiar with your terminology. Even though WinHelp 4.0 supports \ul full-text search\plain\f1\fs16 {\v ATV8VK} features, you will probably want to prepare a keyword list. If users have only a full-text search index available to them, they can search for and find only words that are actually present in the text of the Help file.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Types of keywords\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %8DAFB1}
\par \uldb \{bmc bm23.bmp\} Keyword guidelines\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %BDO.1Y}
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`PRO_ADD_KEYWORD;PRO_ADD_LEVEL2_KEYWORDS;PRO_CNT_COMBINE_HELP_FILES')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`PRO_ADD_KEYWORD;PRO_ADD_LEVEL2_KEYWORDS;PRO_CNT_COMBINE_HELP_FILES')}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8DAFB1}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Types of keywords
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 It is typically best to include several types of keywords in each topic. When you specify keywords, you may want to include:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Nontechnical terms that are likely to occur to beginning users
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Technical terms that are likely to occur to advanced users
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Common synonyms for technical terms
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Words that describe the topic generally
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Words that describe specific subjects within the topic
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Inverted forms of keyword phrases. For example, "combining Help files" and "Help files, combining"
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BDO.1Y}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Keyword guidelines
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 If you want your index to look similar to those in Windows\'a095 Help, you may want to consider the following:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Always use the gerund form of verbs for keywords that begin with a verb
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Always use the plural form of nouns
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Use synonyms consistently throughout a family of Help files
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Make sure that keyword phrases beginning with the same word are consistently general or consistently specific
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 You can create first and \ul second-level index entries.\plain\f1\fs16 {\v DOQEEK} Users can either double-click second-level index entries to view particular topics or double-click a first-level entry to display the titles of all subentries in the Topics Found dialog box.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:0092}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Designing Help windows}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} WINDOW_DESIGN}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} tables}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} DESIGN;WINDOW_DESIGN}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Help system;Help system, designing Help windows;Help windows;Help windows, designing;secondary windows;secondary windows, designing;windows,;windows, designing}
\b Designing Help windows
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 When considering what type of information should go in \ul main\plain\f1\fs16 {\v O8.Q2} and \ul secondary windows,\plain\f1\fs16 {\v 2ZK4PT} consider the following features and limitations of each window type:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Secondary windows do not have a menu bar.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab Secondary windows do not provide access to a history window or to bookmarks.
\par \f2 \'b7\f1 \tab You cannot automatically size the main window to accommodate the amount of text in a topic.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 If you are keeping your Help window on top, consider its size and placement. Ideally, users should be able to simultaneously read and carry out a procedure.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`BAS_OVERVIEW;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`BAS_OVERVIEW;BAS_HPJ_CREATE_WINDOW')va}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00e4}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} HELPINFO structure}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HELPINFO}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CS_HLP}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} context-sensitive Help;context-sensitive Help, structure containing information about requested item;HELPINFO structure;HELPINFO_MENUITEM parameter;HELPINFO_WINDOW parameter;reference;reference, WinHelp APIs}
\b\fs24 HELPINFO
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-195\li115\ri125\tx355 \plain\f1\fs16 typedef  struct  tagHELPINFO \{\-  \tab // hi\line
    UINT   cbSize;\line
    int    iContextType\line
    int    iCtrlId;\line
    HANDLE hItemHandle;\line
    DWORD  dwContextId;\line
    POINT  MousePos;\line
\'7d HELPINFO, FAR *LPHELPINFO;
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 The \b HELPINFO\plain\f1\fs16  structure contains information about an item for which context-sensitive Help has been requested.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 cbSize\tab Size of this structure, in bytes.
\par iContextType\tab Type of context for which Help is requested. This member can be one of these values:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3425\ri125\fi-1985\brdrb\brdrs\tx3415 \b Value\tab Meaning\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3425\ri125\fi-1985\tx3415 HELPINFO_MENUITEM\tab Help requested for a menu item.
\par HELPINFO_WINDOW\tab Help requested for a control or window.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 iCtrlld\tab Identifier of the window or control if the iContextType parameter is HELPINFO_WINDOW, or identifier of the menu item if the iContextType parameter is HELPINFO_MENUITEM.
\par hItemHandle\tab Identifier of the child window or control if iContextType is HELPINFO_WINDOW, or identifier of the associated menu if iContextType is HELPINFO_MENUITEM.
\par dwContextId\tab Help context identifier of the window or control.
\par MousePos\tab A \b POINT\plain\f1\fs16  structure that contains the screen coordinates of the mouse cursor. This parameter is useful for providing Help based on the position of the mouse cursor.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,KL("WM_HELP message;POINT")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!KL("WM_HELP message;POINT")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00e5}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} HELPWININFO structure}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HELPWININFO}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HELPWININFO structure;reference;reference, WinHelp APIs;windows,;windows, structure containing size and position}
\b\fs24 HELPWININFO
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-195\li115\ri125\tx355 \plain\f1\fs16 typedef struct \{\-    \tab // hwi \line
    int   wStructSize;\line
    int   x;\line
    int   y;\line
    int   dx;\line
    int   dy;\line
    int   wMax;\line
    TCHAR rgchMember[2];\line
\'7d HELPWININFO;
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 The \b HELPWININFO\plain\f1\fs16  structure contains the size and position of either a primary or a secondary Help window.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 wStructSize\tab Size of this structure, in bytes.
\par x\tab X-coordinate of the upper left corner of the window, in screen coordinates.
\par y\tab Y-coordinate of the upper left corner of the window, in screen coordinates.
\par dx\tab Width of the window, in pixels.
\par dy\tab Height of the window, in pixels.
\par wMax\tab Value specifying how to show the window. This member must be one of these values:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3595\ri125\fi-2125\brdrb\brdrs\tx3595 \b Value\tab Meaning\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3595\ri125\fi-2125\tx3595 SW_HIDE\tab Hides the window and passes activation to another window.
\par SW_MINIMIZE\tab Minimizes the specified window and activates the top-level window in the Z order.
\par SW_RESTORE\tab Same as SW_SHOWNORMAL.
\par SW_SHOW\tab Activates a window and displays it in its current size and position.
\par SW_SHOWMAXIMIZED\tab Activates the window and displays it as a maximized window.
\par SW_SHOWMINIMIZED\tab Activates the window and displays it as an icon.
\par SW_SHOWMINNOACTIVE\tab Displays the window as an icon. The window that is currently active remains active.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3595\ri125\fi-2125\tx3595 SW_SHOWNA\tab Displays the window in its current state. The window that is currently active remains active.
\par SW_SHOWNOACTIVATE\tab Displays a window in its most recent size and position. The window that is currently active remains active.
\par SW_SHOWNORMAL\tab Activates and displays the window. Whether the window is minimized or maximized, Windows restores it to its original size and position.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 rgchMember\tab Name of the window.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 WinHelp divides the display into 1024 units in both the x- and y-directions. To create a secondary window that fills the upper left quadrant of the display, for example, a program would specify zero for the \b x\plain\f1\fs16  and \b y\plain\f1\fs16  members and 512 for the \b dx\plain\f1\fs16  and \b dy\plain\f1\fs16  members.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 A program can set the size and position information by calling the \b WinHelp\plain\f1\fs16  function with the HELP_SETWINPOS value.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`winhelp_api')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`winhelp_api')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00e6}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} MULTIKEYHELP structure}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MULTIKEYHELP}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} wh}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} keywords;keywords, structure specifying table, associated keyword;MULTIKEYHELP structure;reference;reference, WinHelp APIs}
\b\fs24 MULTIKEYHELP
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 \plain\f1\fs16 typedef struct tagMULTIKEYHELP \{\- \tab // mkh \line
    DWORD mkSize;\line
    BYTE  mkKeylist;\line
    TCHAR szKeyphrase[1];\line
\'7d MULTIKEYHELP;
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 The \b MULTIKEYHELP\plain\f1\fs16  structure specifies a keyword table and an associated keyword to be used by the WinHelp program.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 mkSize\tab Size of this structure, in bytes.
\par mkKeylist\tab A single character that identifies the keyword table to search.
\par szKeyphrase\tab A null-terminated text string that specifies the keyword to locate in the keyword table.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`winhelp_api')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`winhelp_api')}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00e7}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} WinHelp function}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} WinHelp}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} API, WinHelp;HELP_COMMAND command;HELP_CONTENTS command;HELP_CONTEXT command;HELP_CONTEXTMENU command;HELP_CONTEXTPOPUP command;HELP_FINDER command;HELP_FORCEFILE command;HELP_HELPONHELP command;HELP_INDEX command;HELP_KEY command;HELP_MULTIKEY command;HELP_PARTIALKEY command;HELP_QUIT command;HELP_SETCONTENTS command;HELP_SETPOPUP_POS command;HELP_SETWINPOS command;HELP_TCARD command;HELP_WM_HELP command;pop-up windows;pop-up windows, calling from a program;reference;reference, WinHelp APIs;WinHelp API;WinHelp API, described;WinHelp function}
\b\fs24 WinHelp
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \fs16 BOOL WinHelp(\plain\f1\fs16 HWND hwnd\b ,\plain\f1\fs16  LPCTSTR lpszHelpFile\b , \plain\f1\fs16 UINT fuCommand\b , \plain\f1\fs16 DWORD dwData\b )\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The \b WinHelp\plain\f1\fs16  function starts Windows Help (WINHELP.EXE) and passes additional data indicating the nature of the help requested by the program.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 hwnd\tab Handle of the window requesting Help. The \b WinHelp\plain\f1\fs16  function uses this handle to keep track of which programs have requested Help. If fuCommand specifies HELP_CONTEXTMENU or HELP_WM_HELP, hwnd identifies the control requesting Help.
\par lpszHelpFile\tab Address of a null-terminated string containing the path, if necessary, and the name of the Help file that WinHelp is to display.
\par \tab The filename may be followed by an angle bracket (>) and the name of a secondary window if the topic is to be displayed in a secondary window rather than in the primary window. The name of the secondary window must have been defined previously in the \b [WINDOWS]\plain\f1\fs16  section of the Help Project (.HPJ) file.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 fuCommand\tab Type of help requested. For a list of possible values and how they affect the value to place in the dwData parameter, see the Comments section.
\par dwData\tab Additional data. The value used depends on the value of the fuCommand parameter. For a list of possible values, see the Comments section.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 If successful, the return value is TRUE; otherwise, it is FALSE.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 The program specifies the name and, where required, the directory path of the Help file to display.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 Before closing the window that requested Help, the program must call \b WinHelp\plain\f1\fs16  with the fuCommand parameter set to HELP_QUIT. Until all programs have done this, WinHelp will not terminate. Note that calling WinHelp with the HELP_QUIT command is not necessary if you used the HELP_CONTEXTPOPUP command to start Help.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 The following table shows the possible values for the fuCommand parameter and the corresponding formats of the dwData parameter: 
\par \trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b fuCommand\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Action\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 dwData\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 HELP_COMMAND\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Runs a Help macro or macro string. \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Address of a string that specifies the name of the Help macro(s) to run. If the string specifies multiple macro names, the names must be separated by colons or semicolons . You must use the short form of the macro name for some macros because WinHelp does not support the long name.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 HELP_CONTENTS\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the topic specified by the Contents option in the \b [OPTIONS]\plain\f1\fs16  section of the .HPJ file. This command is for backward compatibility. New programs should provide a .CNT file and use the HELP_FINDER command.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Ignored; set to 0.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 HELP_CONTEXT\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the topic identified by the specified context identifier defined in the \b [MAP]\plain\f1\fs16  section of the .HPJ file. \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Unsigned long integer containing the context identifier for the topic.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 HELP_CONTEXTMENU\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the Help menu for the selected window, and then displays (in a pop-up window) the topic for the selected control.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Address of an array of double word pairs. The first double word in each pair is a control identifier, and the second is a context number for a topic.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 HELP_CONTEXTPOPUP\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays, in a pop-up window, the topic identified by the specified context identifier defined in the \b [MAP]\plain\f1\fs16  section of the .HPJ file.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Unsigned long integer containing the context identifier for a topic.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 HELP_FINDER\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the Help Topics dialog box.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Ignored; set to 0.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 HELP_FORCEFILE\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Ensures that \b WinHelp\plain\f1\fs16  is displaying the correct Help file. If the incorrect Help file is being displayed, \b WinHelp\plain\f1\fs16  opens the correct one; otherwise, there is no action. \cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Ignored; set to 0.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 HELP_HELPONHELP\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays Help on how to use WinHelp, if the \b WINHLP32.HLP\plain\f1\fs16  file is available.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Ignored; set to 0.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 HELP_INDEX\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the topic specified by the \b CONTENTS\plain\f1\fs16  option in the \b [OPTIONS]\plain\f1\fs16  section of the .HPJ file. This command is for backward compatibility. New programs should provide a .CNT file and use the HELP_FINDER command.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Ignored; set to 0.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 HELP_KEY\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the topic in the keyword table that matches the specified keyword, if there is an exact match. If there is more than one match, this command displays the Topics Found list box.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Address of a keyword string. Multiple keywords must be separated by semi-colons.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 HELP_MULTIKEY\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the topic specified by a keyword in an alternative keyword table.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Address of a \b MULTIKEYHELP\plain\f1\fs16  structure that specifies a table footnote character and a keyword. \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 HELP_PARTIALKEY\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the topic in the keyword table that matches the specified keyword if there is an exact match. If there is more than one match, this command displays the Topics Found dialog box. To display the Index without passing a keyword, you should use a pointer to an empty string.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Address of a keyword  string. Multiple keywords must be separated by semi-colons.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 HELP_QUIT\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Informs the WinHelp program that it is no longer needed. If no other programs have asked for Help, Windows closes the WinHelp program.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Ignored; set to 0.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 HELP_SETCONTENTS\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Specifies the Contents topic. The WinHelp program displays this topic when the user clicks the Contents button if the Help file does not have an associated .CNT file.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Unsigned long integer containing the context identifier for the Contents topic.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 HELP_SETPOPUP_POS\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Sets the position of the subsequent pop-up window.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Address of a \b POINTS\plain\f1\fs16  structure. The pop-up window is positioned as if the mouse cursor were at the specified point when the pop-up window is invoked.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 HELP_SETWINPOS\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays the Help window, if it is minimized or in memory, and sets its size and position as specified.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Address of a \b HELPWININFO\plain\f1\fs16  structure that specifies the size and position of either a primary or secondary Help window. \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 HELP_TCARD\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Indicates that a command is for a training card instance of the WinHelp program. A program combines the HELP_TCARD flag with other commands by using the bitwise OR operator.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Depends on the command with which the flag is combined.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 HELP_WM_HELP\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Displays, in a pop-up window, the topic for the control identified by hwnd.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Address of an array of double word pairs. The first double word in each pair is a control identifier, and the second is a context identifier for a topic.\cell\intbl\row
\pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 \b Comments\tab 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 \plain\f1\fs16 The following values may also be used, however, since they are not in windows.h, you must add them to your own header file:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 \f4 #define HELP_FORCE_GID\tab 0x000e\f1 
\par \f4 #define HELP_TAB\tab \tab \tab \tab 0x000f
\par \trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b fuCommand\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Action\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 dwData\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 HELP_FORCE_GID\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Changes to the .GID file associated with the help file passed in as the lpszHelpFile parameter.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Ignored; set to 0.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2065\cellx4765\cellx7735\pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 HELP_TAB\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Opens the Help Topics dialog box, displaying the specified extensible tab.\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Zero-based index of the extensible tab to display (0 is the first tab, 1 the second, etc.).\cell\intbl\row
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,KL("HELPWININFO structure;MULTIKEYHELP structure;POINTS;training card Help;WM_HELP message;WM_TCARD message;MAP section")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!KL("HELPWININFO structure;MULTIKEYHELP structure;POINTS;training card Help;WM_HELP message;WM_TCARD message;MAP section")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00e8}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} WM_HELP message}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} WM_HELP}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} CS_HLP}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} F1 key;F1 key, WM_HELP message;messages;messages, sent when user presses F1;reference;reference, WinHelp APIs;windows,;windows, F1 message sent to active window;WM_HELP message}
\b\fs24 WM_HELP
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 WM_HELP\line
lphi = (LPHELPINFO) lParam;
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 The WM_HELP message is sent whenever the user presses the \scaps\fs17 f1\plain\f1\fs16  key.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 lphi\tab Address of a \b HELPINFO\plain\f1\fs16  structure that contains information about the menu item, control, dialog box, or window for which Help is requested.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Default Action
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 The \b DefWindowProc\plain\f1\fs16  function passes WM_HELP to the parent window of a child window, or to the owner of a top-level window.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 If a menu is active when \fs17 F1\fs16  is pressed, WM_HELP is sent to the window associated with the menu. Otherwise, WM_HELP is sent to the window that has the keyboard focus. If no window has the keyboard focus, WM_HELP is sent to the currently active window.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,KL("HELPINFO structure;context-sensitive Help")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!KL("HELPINFO structure;context-sensitive Help")}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0027:00e9}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} WM_TCARD message}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} WM_TCARD}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} main}
\pard\keepn\sb115\sa115\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} WM_TCARD}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} HELP_TCARD_DATA command;HELP_TCARD_NEXT command;HELP_TCARD_OTHER_CALLER command;messages;messages, initiating training card Help;reference;reference, WinHelp APIs;training card Help;training card Help, message sent to initiating program;WM_TCARD message}
\b\fs24 WM_TCARD
\par \pard\keepn\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 \plain\f1\fs16 WM_TCARD\line
idAction = wParam;      \tab // user action\line
dwActionData = lParam;  \tab // action data
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 The WM_TCARD message is sent to a program that has initiated a training card with the WinHelp program.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\brdrb\brdrs\tx1435 \b Parameter\tab Description\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 idAction\tab Value of wParam. Indicates the action that the user has taken. This parameter can be one of the following values:
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li3955\ri125\fi-2515\brdrb\brdrs\tx3955 \b Value\tab Meaning\plain\f1\fs16 
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3955\ri125\fi-2515\tx3955 IDABORT\tab The user clicked an authorable Abort button.
\par IDCANCEL\tab The user clicked an authorable Cancel button.
\par IDCLOSE\b \tab \plain\f1\fs16 The user closed the training card.
\par IDHELP\tab The user clicked an authorable Help button.
\par IDIGNORE\tab The user clicked an authorable Ignore button.
\par IDOK\tab The user clicked an authorable OK button.
\par IDNO\tab The user clicked an authorable No button.
\par IDRETRY\tab The user clicked an authorable Retry button.
\par IDYES\tab The user clicked an authorable Yes button.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li3955\ri125\fi-2515\tx3955 HELP_TCARD_DATA\tab The user clicked an authorable button. The lParam parameter contains a long integer specified by the Help author.
\par HELP_TCARD_NEXT\tab The user clicked an authorable Next button.
\par HELP_TCARD_OTHER_CALLER\tab Another program has requested training cards.
\par \pard\sb55\sl-235\li1435\ri125\fi-1305\tx1435 dwActionData\tab Value of lParam. If idAction specifies HELP_TCARD_DATA, this parameter is a long integer specified by the Help author. Otherwise, this parameter is zero.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Return Value
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 The return value is ignored; use zero.
\par \pard\sb115\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \b Comments
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 \plain\f1\fs16 The message informs the program when the user clicks an authorable button or hotspot that runs the \b TCard\plain\f1\fs16  macro. A program initiates a training card by specifying the HELP_TCARD command in a call to the \b WinHelp\plain\f1\fs16  function.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx1435 WinHelp can run only one training card at a time. If another program requests a training card, the program currently using training cards receives a WM_TCARD message with wParam == HELP_TCARD_OTHER_CALLER. The program receiving this message should either terminate the training card (HELP_QUIT | HELP_TCARD), or the next time it gets the focus, it should call WinHelp with a HELP_FORCEFILE | HELP_TCARD command.
\par \pard\sl-115\li265\ri125\fi-185\brdrb\brdrs\tx295 
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{button ,AL(`winhelp_api;TCard')\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs16 {\v %!AL(`winhelp_api;TCard')}
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx295 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} WinHelp error numbers}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} WinHelp_errors}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} proc4}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} error numbers, WinHelp;WinHelp error numbers}
\b WinHelp error numbers
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 When Help Author mode is turned on, WinHelp will usually give the author enough information to solve the problem in the help file. However, if a user encounters a problem in your help file, only the error number will be available. The following table lists the error numbers and the probably cause of the error. Errors that only occur when Help Author mode is on are not included in this list.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li705\ri125\fi-575\tx355 
\par 1024\tab A macro was specified that doesn\'92t exist.
\par 1026\tab A macro parameter is incorrect (for example, using a number when a quoted string was expected).
\par 1027\tab Missing close quote.
\par 1028\tab Unrecognized macro or variable name.
\par 1029\tab Parameter prototype is invalid (RegisterRoutine problem).
\par 1031\tab Missing closing parenthesis in a macro.
\par 1032\tab Invalid separator between macros.
\par 1033\tab Invalid return type specified (RegisterRoutine problem)
\par 1034\tab Invalid macro syntax.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li705\ri125\fi-575\tx355 1035\tab Parameter doesn\'92t match the expected type (for example, using a negative number for a paramter that expects an unsigned number).
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li705\ri125\fi-575\tx355 1036\tab A variable used in a macro is unrecognized.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li705\ri125\fi-575\tx355 1037\tab The current macro cannot be executed until a previously called macro completes. For example, until the FileOpen macro completes, other macros cannot execute.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li705\ri125\fi-575\tx355 1049\tab A macro called itself.
\par 1050\tab Missing separator in an authorable button command.
\par 1053\tab Invalid multi-key keyword.
\par 1061\tab Too many secondary windows open at once.
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} L79DS2}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \b Creating a project file
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs16 This training card sequence will guide you through the steps of creating a basic project file.
\par Click Next to continue.
\par \{button Next,TC(16,30009)\}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4GKYVX}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab On the File menu, click New.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1SQW0I5}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Click Help project, and then click OK.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} GBM9UV}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Specify the filename and path for your project file, and then click Save.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 18B9CVS}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 
\par Now that you\plain\f0\fs16 \'92\f1 ve created a project file, you need to add the information about your topic files.
\par Have you created your topic (.rtf) files yet?
\par \{button Yes,TC(16,30005)\}\tab \{button No,TC(16,30011)\}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2SBRLVT}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 
\par When you create your topic files later, open your project file and click the Files button to specify the name and location of your topic files.
\par Click Next to continue.
\par \{button Next,TC(16,30027)\}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KTYOF1}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Click \plain\f0\fs16 the\f1  Files button.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1MV8XDH}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Click Add.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 85AGJM}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Specify the name and path of your topic file, and then click Open.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 857UKM}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab If you want to add another topic file, click Add.
\par \tab When you are done adding files, Click OK.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 13ZOUVK}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 
\par Are you using any bitmaps in your Help file?
\par \{button Yes,TC(16,30000)\}\tab \{button No,TC(16,30010)\}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ASZXXF}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 
\par If you later decide to use bitmaps in your Help file, open your project file and click the Bitmaps button to add the location of your bitmap files.
\par Click Next to continue.
\par \{button Next,TC(16,30018)\}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 20BK0A7}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Click Bitmaps.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4QQ8_NH}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Click Add.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} J4RD05}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Click the folder that contains your bitmaps, and then click OK.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} I187L5}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Click OK.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 35JP_QY}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 
\par Do you want to define a custom window?
\par \{button Yes,TC(16,30016)\}\tab \{button No,TC(16,30012)\}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 97RQD_}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 
\par If you later decide that you want to define a custom window, just open your project file and click Windows.
\par Click Next to continue.
\par \{button Next,TC(16,30036)\}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1PGVVPA}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Click the Windows button.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2CAD_VB}
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Click Add.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} Q0MCX8}
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Type a name for the window type, and then click OK.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 113QIJH}
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Click the Position tab.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1THK0PR}
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Click Auto-Sizer.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} XTUJL1}
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Drag the sample window to the position you want and then drag its window borders to create the size you want. When you are done, click OK.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 11AA1O7}
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Click the Buttons tab.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1_.MAV_}
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Select the buttons you want to add to your window. When you are done, click the Color tab.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6O1CB2}
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 1\tab To change the color of the non-scrolling or the scrolling region, click the Change button next to the sample window. Choose the color you want, and then click OK.
\par 2\tab When you are done changing colors, click the General tab.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 9FS831}
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 1\tab In the Title Bar Text box, type text that you want to appear in the title bar for this window.
\par \pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 2\tab If you want to use the auto-sizing feature, click Auto-Size Height.
\par 3\tab If you want your Help window to stay visible in front of other window, click Keep Help Window On Top.
\par 4\tab When you are done, click OK.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 21PY_22}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 
\par You can use compression when you compile so that your Help file will take up less disk space. However, it may take longer to compile.
\par Do you want to use compression?
\par \{button Yes,TC(16,30035)\}\tab \{button No,TC(16,30034)\}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} D9362R}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 
\par If you decide to turn on compression later, just open your project file and click Options. Then, click the Compression tab.
\par Click Next to continue.
\par \{button Next,TC(16,30050)\}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1MMMTI}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125\tx355 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Click Options.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 55PZO}
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 
\par \pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Click the Compression tab.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} MSZ9G}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185\tx295 
\par \{bmc bm4.bmp\}\tab Choose your compression options, and then click OK.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4GKQ4E}
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 Done!
\par You have created a basic project file. You can change any of these settings at any time by opening your project file in Help Workshop.
\par \{button Close,TC(8,0)\}
\par \page
}