{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\stylesheet{\f0\fs18 \snext0 Normal;}
}\pard\plain\f0\fs18
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Reversi overview}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC_OVERVIEW}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} proc4}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Reversi;Reversi overview;object of the game;board game;red pieces;blue pieces;player;computer;opponent;winner;Rules;help topics;Reversi, Reversi overview;Reversi, object of the game;Rules, Reversi overview}
{\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} a-reversi-overview}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Reversi overview\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 Reversi is a board game in which you and the computer take turns placing pieces. You use red pieces; the computer uses blue pieces.
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 A move must outflank at least one opposing piece. Outflanked pieces are flipped to your color, and the side with more pieces at the end wins.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \tx295 \f1\fs18 \{button ,AL("a-reversi-new-game;a-reversi-turn;a-reversi-rules")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18 {\v %!AL("a-reversi-new-game;a-reversi-turn;a-reversi-rules")}
\par

\page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Playing Reversi}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC_PLAY}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} proc4}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Playing Reversi;Steps;Choosing skill;Starting a new game;Game turns;move;pass;Getting a hint;Using the keyboard;practice game;normal game;Reversi, start;Reversi, Game turns;Getting a hint, practice game}
{\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} a-reversi-play}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Playing Reversi\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 Use these steps to start and play a game.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 How to play\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 1\tab \f1 \uldb Choosing skill\plain\f1\fs18 {\v TOPIC_DIFFICULTY}\f1\fs18 : Choose a skill level for the computer.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 2\tab \f1 \uldb Starting a new game\plain\f1\fs18 {\v TOPIC_NEW_GAME}\f1\fs18 : Start a new game.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 3\tab \f1 \uldb Game turns\plain\f1\fs18 {\v TOPIC_TURN}\f1\fs18 : Move on legal squares, or pass when no move is available.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \tx295 \f1\fs18 \{button ,AL("a-reversi-rules;a-reversi-hint;a-reversi-keyboard")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18 {\v %!AL("a-reversi-rules;a-reversi-hint;a-reversi-keyboard")}
\par

\page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Choosing skill}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC_DIFFICULTY}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} proc4}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Choosing skill;skill;Beginner;Novice;Expert;Master;Options;thinking time;current game;Choosing skill, skill;Options, Choosing skill}
{\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} a-reversi-difficulty}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Choosing skill\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 Skill controls how carefully the computer searches for a move. Higher levels may take longer.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Steps\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 1\tab \f1 Open the Options menu.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 2\tab \f1 Choose Beginner, Novice, Expert, or Master.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 3\tab \f1 Continue the current game, or start a new one.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \tx295 \f1\fs18 \{button ,AL("a-reversi-new-game;a-reversi-play;a-reversi-hint")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18 {\v %!AL("a-reversi-new-game;a-reversi-play;a-reversi-hint")}
\par

\page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Starting a new game}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC_NEW_GAME}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} proc4}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Starting a new game;restart;Game menu;first move;player moves first;computer moves first;pass;Choosing skill;Game menu, Starting a new game;pass, first move}
{\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} a-reversi-new-game}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Starting a new game\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 Starting a new game replaces the current game.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Steps\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 1\tab \f1 If needed, choose a skill level first.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 2\tab \f1 Open the Game menu.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 3\tab \f1 Choose New.
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 You normally move first. On the first turn you may also choose Pass to let the computer move first.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \tx295 \f1\fs18 \{button ,AL("a-reversi-difficulty;a-reversi-turn;a-reversi-rules")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18 {\v %!AL("a-reversi-difficulty;a-reversi-turn;a-reversi-rules")}
\par

\page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Game turns}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC_TURN}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} proc4}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Game turns;player turn;move;mouse;cursor;cross cursor;legal move;legal square;no legal move;pass;computer move;Game turns, legal move;pass, no legal move}
{\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} a-reversi-turn}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Game turns\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 When it is your turn, move the pointer over empty squares. A square that can be played changes the pointer to a cross.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 When you can move\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 1\tab \f1 Move the pointer to an empty square.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 2\tab \f1 If the pointer becomes a cross, click the square or press Enter.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 3\tab \f1 Wait for the computer to move.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 When you cannot move\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 1\tab \f1 If no square can be played, wait for the pass message.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 2\tab \f1 Open the Game menu.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 3\tab \f1 Choose Pass.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \tx295 \f1\fs18 \{button ,AL("a-reversi-legal;a-reversi-flip;a-reversi-keyboard")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18 {\v %!AL("a-reversi-legal;a-reversi-flip;a-reversi-keyboard")}
\par

\page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Using the keyboard}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC_KEYBOARD}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} proc4}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Using the keyboard;arrow keys;Enter key;Spacebar;cursor;move;keyboard move;Using the keyboard, cursor;Using the keyboard, move}
{\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} a-reversi-keyboard}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Using the keyboard\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 You can use the keyboard to move the board cursor and place a piece.
\par
\pard\sb115\sl-235\li2135\ri125\fi-2015 \brdrb\brdrs\tx2635 \f1\b\fs18 Key\tab Action\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb55\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2035 \tx2155 \plain\f1\fs18 arrow keys\tab Move the board cursor.
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li2155\ri125\fi-2035 \tx2155 \plain\f1\fs18 Enter key / Spacebar\tab Place a piece.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \tx295 \f1\fs18 \{button ,AL("a-reversi-turn;a-reversi-legal")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18 {\v %!AL("a-reversi-turn;a-reversi-legal")}
\par

\page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Getting a hint}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC_HINT}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} proc4}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Getting a hint;suggested move;practice game;normal game;restart;Choosing skill;thinking time;Getting a hint, suggested move;Getting a hint, practice game}
{\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} a-reversi-hint}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Getting a hint\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 Use Hint if you are not sure where to move.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Notes\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 Using Hint ends the current normal game and switches to practice mode. Start a new game to return to normal play.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Steps\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 1\tab \f1 Open the Game menu.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 2\tab \f1 Choose Hint.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 3\tab \f1 Watch the highlighted suggested square.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Notes\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 At higher skill levels, the computer may need more time before showing the hint.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \tx295 \f1\fs18 \{button ,AL("a-reversi-play;a-reversi-rules;a-reversi-difficulty;a-reversi-new-game")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18 {\v %!AL("a-reversi-play;a-reversi-rules;a-reversi-difficulty;a-reversi-new-game")}
\par

\page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Rules}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC_RULES}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} proc4}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Rules;Board and pieces;pieces;legal move;outflank;Flipping pieces;pass;game end;scoring;winner;both players;Rules, legal move;Rules, Flipping pieces;Rules, scoring}
{\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} a-reversi-rules}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Rules\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 Reversi uses one set of rules for moving, flipping pieces, passing, and scoring.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Rules summary\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\f1\fs18 \{bmc bm0.bmp\}\plain\fs18 \tab \f1 \uldb Board and pieces\plain\f1\fs18 {\v TOPIC_BOARD}\f1\fs18 : The board contains the squares where pieces can be placed.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\f1\fs18 \{bmc bm0.bmp\}\plain\fs18 \tab \f1 \uldb Legal moves\plain\f1\fs18 {\v TOPIC_LEGAL}\f1\fs18 : A legal move must outflank at least one opposing piece.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\f1\fs18 \{bmc bm0.bmp\}\plain\fs18 \tab \f1 \uldb Flipping pieces\plain\f1\fs18 {\v TOPIC_FLIP}\f1\fs18 : All outflanked pieces are flipped.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\f1\fs18 \{bmc bm0.bmp\}\plain\fs18 \tab \f1 If a side has no legal move, that side must pass.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\f1\fs18 \{bmc bm0.bmp\}\plain\fs18 \tab \f1 \uldb Game end and scoring\plain\f1\fs18 {\v TOPIC_END}\f1\fs18 : When neither side can move, the game ends and the side with more pieces wins.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \tx295 \f1\fs18 \{button ,AL("a-reversi-play;a-reversi-turn;a-reversi-hint")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18 {\v %!AL("a-reversi-play;a-reversi-turn;a-reversi-hint")}
\par

\page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Board and pieces}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC_BOARD}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} proc4}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Board and pieces;pieces;square;empty square;red pieces;blue pieces;monochrome monitor;white pieces;black pieces;Board and pieces, square;pieces, red pieces;pieces, blue pieces}
{\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} a-reversi-board}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Board and pieces\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 The board supplies the playing squares. Each square is empty or contains one piece.
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 On a monochrome monitor, red pieces are shown as white pieces and blue pieces are shown as black pieces.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Board and pieces\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 The board is an eight-by-eight square grid.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 pieces\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 Pieces show which side controls a square.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 empty square\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 An empty square can be used only if the move is legal.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \tx295 \f1\fs18 \{button ,AL("a-reversi-legal;a-reversi-turn")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18 {\v %!AL("a-reversi-legal;a-reversi-turn")}
\par

\page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Legal moves}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC_LEGAL}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} proc4}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} legal move;legal square;empty square;outflank;opponent;line;row;column;diagonal;cross cursor;no legal move;legal move, outflank;cursor, cross cursor}
{\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} a-reversi-legal}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Legal moves\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 A legal move is an empty square that outflanks at least one opposing piece.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Steps\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 1\tab \f1 The square must be empty.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 2\tab \f1 The new piece must outflank at least one opposing piece. (\ul outflank\plain\f1\fs18 {\v POP_OUTFLANK}\f1\fs18 )
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 3\tab \f1 The outflanked pieces must be in one straight horizontal, vertical, or diagonal line.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\fs18 4\tab \f1 If the pointer becomes a cross, the square is legal.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \tx295 \f1\fs18 \{button ,AL("a-reversi-flip;a-reversi-turn")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18 {\v %!AL("a-reversi-flip;a-reversi-turn")}
\par

\page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Flipping pieces}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC_FLIP}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} proc4}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Flipping pieces;pieces;move;outflank;opponent;direction;row;column;diagonal;multiple directions;Flipping pieces, multiple directions;move, Flipping pieces}
{\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} a-reversi-flip}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Flipping pieces\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 After a legal move, every outflanked opposing piece is flipped to your color. (\ul multiple directions\plain\f1\fs18 {\v POP_MULTI_DIRECTION}\f1\fs18 )
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Rules summary\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\f1\fs18 \{bmc bm0.bmp\}\plain\fs18 \tab \f1 Pieces flip only on lines created by the move.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\f1\fs18 \{bmc bm0.bmp\}\plain\fs18 \tab \f1 Lines can be horizontal, vertical, or diagonal.
\par
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \tx295 \plain\f1\fs18 \{bmc bm0.bmp\}\plain\fs18 \tab \f1 One move can flip pieces in more than one direction.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \tx295 \f1\fs18 \{button ,AL("a-reversi-legal;a-reversi-end")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18 {\v %!AL("a-reversi-legal;a-reversi-end")}
\par

\page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Game end and scoring}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} TOPIC_END}
{\up >}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up >} proc4}
{\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} game end;end condition;scoring;winner;tie game;piece count;both players;no legal move;game end, scoring;winner, piece count}
{\up A}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up A} a-reversi-end}
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Game end and scoring\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb75\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 The game ends when neither side can make another legal move.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 end condition\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 A game may end before every square is filled.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 scoring\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 When the game ends, the pieces are counted.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 winner\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 If your red pieces outnumber the computer's blue pieces, you win.
\par
\pard\sb115\sa35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \f1\b\fs18 Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18
\par
\pard\sb35\sl-235\li115\ri125 \tx295 \f1\fs18 \{button ,AL("a-reversi-legal;a-reversi-turn")\} \uldb Related Topics\plain\f1\fs18 {\v %!AL("a-reversi-legal;a-reversi-turn")}
\par

\page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} POP_OUTFLANK}
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 To outflank means to place a piece so that one or more opposing pieces are between the new piece and another piece of your color.
\par
\page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} POP_MULTI_DIRECTION}
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li115\ri125 \plain\f1\fs18 Multiple directions means that the same move outflanks pieces along more than one horizontal, vertical, or diagonal line.
\par
\page
{\up !}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up !} NS();FD()}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JP.RLA}
\pard\sb45\sl-235\li295\ri125\fi-185 \plain\f1\fs18 Click Help Topics to return to the topic list.
\par
\page
}